# Terms of Service
## Category: Policies

**PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING "ACCEPTED
AND AGREED TO," CUSTOMER AGREES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.**

These Terms of Service along with and including the Policies identified
in Section 1 (*Definitions*) below constitute an agreement (this
"[Agreement]{.underline}") by and between Business BrainScience LLC, a
Limited Liability Company and its members and shareholders as
individuals, whose principal place of business is Fresno, California
("[Vendor]{.underline}") and the corporation, LLC, partnership, sole
proprietorship, individual, or other entity executing this Agreement
("[Customer]{.underline}"). The Vendor and Customer are sometimes
referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

This Agreement is effective as of the date Customer clicks "Accepted and
Agreed To" (the "[Effective Date]{.underline}"). Customer's use of and
Vendor's provision of the *ThruThink*® website and the *ThruThink*®
business analysis platform (Vendor's System as defined below in Section
1.16 (*System*)) are governed by this Agreement, as are Customer's
authorizations to grant its own customers use of the System.

EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDS IT,
AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS, AND THAT THE PERSON ACCEPTING ON
ITS BEHALF HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO DO SO. THE PERSON ACCEPTING THIS
AGREEMENT ON CUSTOMER'S BEHALF REPRESENTS THAT HE OR SHE HAS THE
AUTHORITY TO BIND CUSTOMER TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1.  **[DEFINITIONS]{.underline}.** The following terms shall have the
    following meanings whenever used in this Agreement.

    1.  "[Acceptable Use Policy]{.underline}" (AUP) means Vendor's
        acceptable use policy incorporated in this Agreement and
        currently posted at ThruThink.com. [Acceptable Use Policy
        (AUP)](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink AUP.pdf)

    2.  \"[Browser]{.underline}\" means the software application used
        for retrieving, presenting and traversing information resources
        on the internet used by the User.

    3.  "[Customer Data]{.underline}" means data, in electronic form,
        entered, inputted or collected into or through the System by or
        from Customer, including without limitation by Customer's Sub
        Users or by other Users.

    4.  "[Documentation]{.underline}" means Vendor\'s help dialog,
        customer service responses and Chat Responses related to use of
        the System.

    5.  "[Fees]{.underline}" mean the Subscription Fee, the Quick Deal
        Fee and any other fees charged by Vendor.

    6.  \"[Master Account]{.underline}\" means an account that permits
        sub users (Sub Users)

    7.  "[Privacy Policy]{.underline}" means Vendor's privacy policy,
        currently posted at ThruThink.com. [Privacy
        Policy](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Privacy Policy.pdf)

    8.  ["](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Privacy Policy.pdf)[Quick
        Deal]{.underline}" means a one-time only use of the Quick Deal
        portion of the System.

    9.  "[Quick Deal Fee]{.underline}" means the fee charged for the
        Quick Deal.

    10. \"[Service]{.underline}\" means Customers or Sub Users use of
        the System

    11. "[Service Level Agreement]{.underline}" (SLA) means Vendor's
        standard service level agreement incorporated in this Agreement
        and posted at ThruThink.com. [Service Level Agreement
        (SLA)](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink SLA.pdf)

    12. ["](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink SLA.pdf)[Sub
        User]{.underline}" means any of Customer's employees, clients or
        customers or other third parties Customer gives access to the
        System, including without limitation such companies' agents and
        employees.

    13. "[Sub User Agreement]{.underline}" means such terms of service
        as Vendor may require for users of the System who are not signed
        up as Customers incorporated in this Agreement and posted at
        ThruThink.com. [Sub User
        Agreement](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Sub User TOS.pdf)

    14. [\"](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Sub User TOS.pdf)[Subscription]{.underline}\"
        means the permission the Vendor provides the Customer to access
        the System during the Term or in the case of the Quick Deal, the
        one-time only access.

    15. \"[Subscription Fee]{.underline}\" means the fee charged by the
        Vendor for the Subscription.

    16. [\"System\"]{.underline} The System means the website
        ThruThink.com and the *ThruThink*® business analysis platform
        including its Documentation, components, design, software code,
        user interface, architecture, methodology, features, functions,
        formulas, calculations, charts, schematics and methods of
        analysis, business logic and reports generated by the System.

    17. "[Term]{.underline}" is defined in Section 11.1 (*Term*) below
        and includes any renewal periods.

    18. \"[Third Party Websites]{.underline}\" refers to links in the
        Vendors website that lead to a third party website and the
        compensation thereof, see Sections 8.7 and 8.8 (*Third Party
        Websites and Compensation*).

    19. "[User]{.underline}" means the Customer and/or any company or
        individual who uses the System through Customer's Subscription
        or passwords or on Customer's behalf or, whether authorized or
        not, including without limitation Customer's Sub Users.

2.  **[THE SYSTEM]{.underline}.**

    1.  [Use of the System]{.underline}. During the Term, Customer may
        access and use the System and Service pursuant to: (a) the terms
        of any outstanding Subscription, including such features and
        functions as the Subscription allows or requires; and (b)
        Vendor's policies posted on its Website at ThruThink.com, as
        such policies may be updated from time to time.

    2.  [Browser]{.underline}. The System is best accessed using the
        Google Chrome browser.

    3.  [Service Levels]{.underline}. Vendor shall provide the remedies
        listed in the SLA for any failure of the System listed in the
        SLA. Such remedies are Customer's sole remedy for any failure of
        the System, and Customer recognizes and agrees that if the SLA
        does not list a remedy for a given failure, it has no remedy.
        Credits issued pursuant to the SLA apply to outstanding or
        future invoices only and are forfeit upon termination of this
        Agreement. Vendor is not required to issue refunds or to make
        payments against such credits under any circumstances, including
        without limitation after termination of this Agreement.

    4.  [Documentation.]{.underline} The Documentation is solely for the
        use by the Customer as necessary to support Users' use of the
        System. Any suggestions or advice contained in the Documentation
        is for the Customers convenience and does not constitute advice
        or recommendations as to the outcome of the Customers or Sub
        Users business.

    5.  [Chat Responses.]{.underline} The system may provide a Chat
        response system. If such a feature is provided, all Chat dialog
        responses from *ThruThink*® are for the Users convenience and do
        not constitute advice or recommendations as to the outcome of
        the Customers or Sub Users business.

    6.  [System Revisions]{.underline}. Vendor may revise System
        features and functions or the SLA at any time, including without
        limitation by removing such features and functions or reducing
        service levels. If any such revision to the System materially
        reduces features or functionality provided pursuant to a
        Subscription, Customer may within 30 days of notice of the
        revision terminate such Subscription, without cause, or
        terminate this Agreement without cause.

    7.  [Customer's Employees and/or Clients (Sub Users)]{.underline}.
        Subject to the provisions below of this Section 2.7 (*The
        System-Sub Users*), Customer may authorize Sub Users to access
        and use the System in such numbers and according to such
        restrictions as are set forth in the applicable Subscription.
        Customer shall: (a) provide access to the System through the
        Customers Master Account and; (b) each Sub User will be required
        to read and accept the Sub Users Terms and Conditions which will
        incorporate the Customers Terms and Conditions and; (c) each Sub
        User will be required to provide complete name and contact
        information. Customer shall make no representations or
        warranties regarding the System or any other matter, to Sub User
        or any other third party, from or on behalf of Vendor, and
        Customer shall not create or purport to create any obligations
        or liabilities for Vendor. Vendor may reject any proposed
        Customer's Sub Users for any reason that does not violate
        applicable law, in its sole discretion. Customer shall be
        jointly and severally liable to Vendor for Customer's Sub Users
        compliance with this Agreement as well as the Sub User
        Agreement. Vendor shall have no obligation to provide support or
        other services, SLA remedies, or other remedies to each of
        Customers individual Sub Users.

3.  **[SYSTEM FEES]{.underline}.** Customer shall pay Vendor the
    Subscription Fee or the Quick Deal Fee set forth in each
    Subscription or Quick Deal for the applicable Term. With a
    Subscription, prior to the expiration of the Term, Vendor will
    provide the Customer a 30 day notice of renewal for another Term.
    Unless the Customer notifies Vendor that it does not desire to renew
    within that 30 day period, the Subscription will automatically renew
    and the Subscription Fee will be billed using the same payment
    information on file with the Vendor. If the payment information is
    not current at the time of renewal, Customer will be notified and
    will have 10 days to pay until the Subscription will be subject to
    Termination. Vendor will not be required to refund the Subscription
    Fee under any circumstances. With the Quick Deal, it is a one-time
    only use of the System with no automatic renewal provisions.

    1.  [Credit Card payments]{.underline}. Credit card payments will be
        accepted as payment of the Fees using an outside payment
        service. Vendor will not have access to or knowledge of the
        Customers credit card or payment information. The Vendor will
        use a service that is commonly accepted in the industry for
        processing such payments, however Vendor makes no warranties or
        guarantees regarding the security of the outside payment
        service. The Customer may request at the time of initiating a
        Subscription the name of the credit card processing service
        being used by the Vendor.

    2.  [Taxes]{.underline}. All Fees charged by Vendor exclude any
        sales, use, value added fees or other taxes or fees imposed by
        any City, County, State, Province, Region or Country (Government
        Authorities) on the use of the System or Service provided by the
        Vendor to the Customer. If any such fees or taxes are assessed
        or become due either by the Vendor\'s Government Authorities or
        by the Customers Government Authorities, the Customer will be
        responsible for paying those applicable fees or taxes that apply
        to the Subscription or Quick Deal or the provision of the
        Vendors Service to the Customer. If applicable, Vendor may
        invoice Customer for any such fees or taxes and will be due and
        payable within 10 days of notice by e-mail from Vendor.
        Nonpayment of such fees will be cause for Termination of this
        Agreement for Cause by the Vendor.

4.   **[CUSTOMER DATA & PRIVACY]{.underline}.**

    1.  [Customer Data]{.underline}. \"Customer Data\" means all
        information entered or provided by the User to be processed and
        calculated by Vendors System and the resulting calculation
        results, all saved and stored by User, Customer or on Customer's
        behalf on Vendors server, computers or other electronic media or
        provided to Vendor for such processing or storage, as well as
        any information derived from such information. Customer Data
        includes, without limitation: (a) information provided to,
        entered or inputted into Vendors System by the Customer,
        information on paper or other non-electronic media provided to
        Vendor for computer processing or storage, or information
        formerly on electronic media; (b) information and data inputs
        provided to Vendor by Customers Sub Users or other users or by
        other third parties; and (c) personally identifiable information
        from Customers, Sub Users, or other third parties.

    2.  [Use of Customer Data]{.underline}. Unless it receives
        Customer's prior written consent, Vendor: (a) shall not access,
        process, or otherwise use Customer Data other than as necessary
        to facilitate the System; and (b) shall not intentionally grant
        any third party access to Customer Data, including without
        limitation Vendor's other customers, except subcontractors that
        are subject to a reasonable nondisclosure agreement.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, Vendor may disclose Customer Data
        as required by applicable law or by proper legal or governmental
        authority. Vendor shall give Customer prompt notice of any such
        legal or governmental demand and reasonably cooperate with
        Customer in any effort to seek a protective order or otherwise
        to contest such required disclosure, at Customer's expense.

    3.  [Privacy Policy]{.underline}. The Privacy Policy applies only to
        the System and does not apply to any third party website or
        service linked to the System or recommended or referred to
        through the System or by Vendor's staff. The Privacy Policy is
        incorporated in this Agreement and posted at ThruThink.com
        [Privacy
        Policy](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Privacy Policy.pdf)

    4.  [Risk of Exposure]{.underline}. Customer recognizes and agrees
        that hosting data online involves risks of unauthorized
        disclosure or exposure and that, in accessing and using the
        System, Customer assumes such risks. Vendor offers no
        representation, warranty, or guarantee that Customer Data will
        not be exposed or disclosed through errors or the actions of
        third parties.

    5.  [Data Accuracy]{.underline}. Vendor shall have no responsibility
        or liability for the accuracy of data entered, inputted or
        uploaded to the System by Users, including without limitation
        Customer Data and any other data uploaded by Users.

    6.  [Data Deletion]{.underline}. Vendor may permanently erase
        Customer Data if Customer\'s Subscription is delinquent,
        suspended, or terminated for 30 days or more.

    7.  [Excluded Data]{.underline}. Customer represents and warrants
        that Customer Data does not and will not include, and Customer
        has not and shall not enter, input, upload or transmit to
        Vendor\'s computers or other media, any data that is fraudulent
        or illegal ("[Excluded Data]{.underline}") regulated pursuant to
        any law, rule, order or regulation of any governmental entity
        having jurisdiction over such data (the \"[Excluded Data
        Laws]{.underline}\"). CUSTOMER RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT: (a)
        VENDOR HAS NO LIABILITY FOR ANY FAILURE TO PROVIDE PROTECTIONS
        SET FORTH IN THE EXCLUDED DATA LAWS OR OTHERWISE TO PROTECT
        EXCLUDED DATA; AND (b) VENDOR'S SYSTEMS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR
        MANAGEMENT OR PROTECTION OF EXCLUDED DATA AND MAY NOT PROVIDE
        ADEQUATE OR LEGALLY REQUIRED SECURITY FOR EXCLUDED DATA.

    8.  [Aggregate & Anonymized Data]{.underline}. Notwithstanding the
        provisions of this Section 4 *(Customer Data and Privacy)*,
        Vendor may use, reproduce, sell, publicize, or otherwise exploit
        Aggregate Data in any way, in its sole discretion. ("[Aggregate
        Data]{.underline}" refers to Customer Data with the following
        removed: personally identifiable information and the names and
        addresses of Customer and any of its Users.)

    9.  [Vendor Audit]{.underline}. Vendor may audit Customers use of
        the System and may suspend Customer's access to the System if
        Vendor finds in its sole discretion that Customer is violating
        any provision of this Agreement and or any accompanying
        agreements.

5.  **[CUSTOMER'S RESPONSIBILITIES & RESTRICTIONS]{.underline}.**

    1.  [Acceptable Use]{.underline}. Customer shall comply with the
        AUP. Customer shall not: (a) use the System for service bureau
        or time-sharing purposes or in any other way allow third parties
        to exploit the System, except Customer's Sub Users as
        specifically authorized by this Agreement and the provisions of
        the Subscription; (b) provide System passwords or other log-in
        information to any third party, except Customer's Sub Users as
        specifically authorized by this Agreement and ; (c) share
        non-public System features or content with any third party;
        or (d) access the System in order to build a competitive product
        or service, to build a product using similar ideas, features,
        functions or graphics of the System, or to copy any ideas,
        features, functions, calculations or graphics of the System. In
        the event that it suspects any breach of the requirements of
        this Section 5.1 (*Acceptable Use*), including without
        limitation by Users, Vendor may suspend User's access to the
        System without advanced notice, in addition to such other
        remedies as Vendor may have. Neither this Agreement nor the AUP
        requires that Vendor take any action against Customer or any
        User or other third party for violating the AUP, this Section
        5.1 (*Acceptable Use)*, or this Agreement, but Vendor is free to
        take any such action it sees fit.

    2.  [Unauthorized Access]{.underline}. Customer shall take
        reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized access to the System,
        including without limitation by protecting its passwords and
        other log-in information. Customer shall notify Vendor
        immediately of any known or suspected unauthorized use of the
        System or breach of its security and shall use best efforts to
        stop said breach.

    3.  [Compliance with Laws]{.underline}. In its use of the System,
        Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, including
        without limitation laws governing the protection of personally
        identifiable information and other laws applicable to the
        protection of Customer Data.

    4.  [Sub Users; System Access]{.underline}. Customer is responsible
        and liable for: (a) Customer's Sub Users and other Users use of
        the System, including without limitation unauthorized User
        conduct and any User conduct that would violate the AUP or the
        requirements of this Agreement applicable to Customer; (b) any
        use of the System through Customer\'s Subscription, whether
        authorized or unauthorized; and (c) protecting access to the
        Customer\'s Subscription.

6.  **[INTELECTUAL PROPERTY (IP) & FEEDBACK]{.underline}.**

    1.  [IP Rights to the System]{.underline}. Vendor retains all right,
        title, and interest in and to the System and this site,
        including without limitation all software used in this site and
        Vendor retains all right, title, and interest to provide the use
        of the System and all graphics, user interfaces, logos, and
        trademarks reproduced through the System and the site. This
        Agreement does not grant Customer any intellectual property
        license or rights in or to the System or any of its components.
        Customer recognizes that the System and its components are
        protected by United States of America and International
        copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret and
        other intellectual or proprietary rights laws.

    2.  [Questions regarding the IP]{.underline}. Any questions
        regarding the IP rights to the System or any component or
        content of this site should be addressed to the *ThruThink*®
        email: <support@thruthink.com>.

    3.  [Feedback]{.underline}. Vendor has not agreed to and does not
        agree to treat as confidential any Feedback that the User,
        Customer, Customer's Clients, or other Users provide to Vendor,
        and nothing in this Agreement or in the Parties' dealings
        arising out of or related to this Agreement will restrict
        Vendor's right to use, profit from, disclose, publish, keep
        secret, or otherwise exploit Feedback. Vendors use of Feedback
        will be without compensating or crediting Customer or the
        Customer's Client or other User in question.
        ("[Feedback]{.underline}" refers to any recommendation of System
        by the User or suggestion or idea for improving or otherwise
        modifying any of Vendor's products or services.)

7.   **[CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION]{.underline}.** "[Confidential
    Information]{.underline}" refers to the following items Vendor
    discloses to Customer or the Customer becomes aware of while using
    the System: (a) any document Vendor marks "Confidential"; (b) any
    information Vendor orally designates as "Confidential" at the time
    of disclosure, provided Vendor confirms such designation in writing
    within 30 business days; (c) the design, software code, user
    interface, architecture, methodology, features, functions, formulas,
    calculations, schematics and methods of analysis of the System,
    whether or not marked or designated confidential; (d) the
    Documentation; and (f) any other nonpublic, sensitive information
    disclosed by Vendor, whether or not marked or designated
    "Confidential." Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential
    Information does not include information that: (i) is in Customer's
    possession at the time of disclosure; (ii) is independently
    developed by Customer without use of or reference to Confidential
    Information; (iii) becomes known publicly, before or after
    disclosure, other than as a result of Customer's improper action or
    inaction; or (iv) is approved for release in writing by Customer.

    1.  [Nondisclosure]{.underline}*.* Customer shall not use
        Confidential Information for any purpose other than its intended
        purpose within the System (the "[Purpose]{.underline}"). If the
        Customer learns of or becomes aware of any Confidential
        Information, the Customer: (a) shall not disclose, copy or
        distribute any Confidential Information in any manner; including
        to any employee or contractor of Customer or to any other third
        party without Vendor's prior written consent. Without limiting
        the generality of the foregoing, Customer shall protect
        Confidential Information with the same degree of care it uses to
        protect its own confidential information of similar nature and
        importance, but with no less than reasonable care. Customer
        shall promptly notify Vendor of any misuse or misappropriation
        of Confidential Information that comes to Customer's attention.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may disclose
        Confidential Information as required by applicable law or by
        proper legal or governmental authority. Customer shall give
        Vendor prompt notice of any such legal or governmental demand
        and reasonably cooperate with Vendor in any effort to seek a
        protective order or otherwise to contest such required
        disclosure, at Vendor's expense.

    2.  [Injunction]{.underline}. Customer agrees that breach of this
        Section 7 (*Confidential Information*) would cause Vendor
        irreparable injury, for which monetary damages would not provide
        adequate compensation, and that in addition to any other remedy,
        Vendor will be entitled to injunctive relief against such
        breach, threatened breach or interference, without proving
        actual damage or posting a bond or other security.

    3.  [Termination & Return]{.underline}. With respect to each item of
        Confidential Information, even upon expiration of the
        Subscription or termination of the Customers use of the System
        by the Vendor, the obligations of Section 7.1 (*Nondisclosure*)
        above shall continue, including but not limited to
        noninterference and remedies for breach in perpetuity after the
        termination of this Agreement. Upon termination of this
        Agreement, Customer shall disclose to Vendor any Confidential
        Information in Customers possession and certify, in writing, the
        destruction thereof.

    4.  [Retention of Rights]{.underline}. This Agreement does not
        transfer any interest or ownership of the System or any
        Confidential Information or grant a license thereto. Vendor will
        retain all right, title, and interest in and to all Confidential
        Information.

8.  **[REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES]{.underline}.**

    1.  [From Vendor]{.underline}. Vendor represents and warrants that
        it is the owner of the System and of each and every component,
        or where the component is supplied by another vendor, is
        believed to be the recipient of a valid license thereto,
        including but not limited to the Confidential Information
        described in Section 7 (*Confidential Information)*, and that it
        has and will maintain the full power and authority to grant the
        rights granted in this Agreement without the further consent of
        any third party. Vendor's representations and warranties in the
        preceding sentence do not apply to use of the System in
        combination with hardware or software not provided by Vendor. In
        the event of a breach of the warranty in this Section 8.1
        (*Representations and Warranties from Vendor*), Vendor, at its
        own expense, will promptly take one of the following
        actions: (a) secure for Customer the right to continue using the
        System; (b) replace or modify the System to make it
        non-infringing; (c) terminate the infringing features of the
        System and refund to Customer any prepaid Fees for use of the
        System that depend on such features, in proportion to the
        portion of the Term left after such termination; or (d)
        terminate the use of the System. In conjunction with Customer's
        right to terminate for breach where applicable, the preceding
        sentence states Vendor's sole obligation and liability, and
        Customer's sole remedy, for breach of the warranty in this
        Section 8.1 (*Representations and Warranties from Vendor*) and
        for potential or actual intellectual property infringement by
        the System.

    2.  [From Customer]{.underline}.

        a.  *Re Customer Itself*. Customer represents and warrants
            that: (i) it has the full right and authority to enter into,
            execute, and perform its obligations under this Agreement
            and that no pending or threatened claim or litigation known
            to it would have a material adverse impact on its ability to
            perform as required by this Agreement; (ii) it has
            accurately identified itself and it has not provided any
            inaccurate information about itself to or through the
            System; (iii) it is a corporation, individual 18 years or
            older or the sole proprietorship of an individual 18 years
            or older except for Class Room Accounts, see Subscription
            Accounts at Vendors website; and (iv) (for Classroom
            Accounts that are under the supervision of an accredited
            school (as defined in its general educational category), the
            age requirement is 16 years or older, or (v) another entity
            authorized to do business pursuant to applicable law.

        b.  *Re Customer\'s Sub Users*. Customer represents and warrants
            that Customer will allow Sub User access only after
            purchasing the appropriate Subscription that includes a
            Master Account that allows multiple people within the
            account and to the best of its knowledge: (i) each
            Customer's Sub Users will have the full right and authority
            to enter into, execute, and perform its obligations as
            required under this Agreement and the Sub User Agreement,
            with no pending or threatened claim or litigation that would
            have a material adverse impact on its ability so to
            perform; (ii) Customer will insure that each of Customer's
            Sub Users will sign up to use the System under the Customers
            Master Account and will not provide any inaccurate
            information about a Customer's Sub User or other User to or
            through the System; (iii) each Customer's Sub User will be
            an individual 18 years or older; and (iv) (for Classroom
            Accounts that are under the supervision of an accredited
            school (as defined in its general educational category).

    3.  [Warranty Disclaimers]{.underline}. Except to the extent set
        forth in the SLA and in Section 8.1 (*Representations &
        Warranties form Vendor)* above, CUSTOMER ACCEPTS THE SYSTEM "AS
        IS" AND AS AVAILABLE, WITH NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY
        KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED
        WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE, ACCURACY OR APPLICABILITY OF THE DOCUMETATION, OUTCOME
        OF CUSTOMERS OR USERS BUSINESS OR DEAL, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY
        ARISING FROM STATUTE, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE,
        OR USAGE OF TRADE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE
        FOREGOING: (a) VENDOR HAS NO OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY OR DEFEND
        CUSTOMER OR USERS AGAINST CLAIMS RELATED TO INFRINGEMENT OF
        INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; (b) VENDOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT
        THAT THE SYSTEM WILL PERFORM WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERROR;
        AND (c) VENDOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SYSTEM IS
        SECURE FROM HACKING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED INTRUSION OR THAT
        CUSTOMER DATA WILL REMAIN PRIVATE OR SECURE.

    4.  [Forward Looking Projections]{.underline}. The System uses
        Customer Data and presents calculations and resulting
        information in a forward looking manner for up to a 20 year
        period including but not limited to reports such as balance
        sheets, income statements, cash flows and other financial
        information (Forward Looking Projections). Forward Looking
        Projections are based on the Customer Data as entered by the
        User and are neither historical facts nor assurances of future
        performance. There are inherent risks in any business venture
        and the System only makes calculations using the Customer Data
        and does not attempt to reflect the inherent uncertainties and
        risks of the future. The Forward Looking Projections are
        estimates and approximations and do not constitute accounting
        services or advice. User accepts full responsibility for the
        Forward Looking Projections and Vendor makes no representation,
        warranties or guarantees about the outcome of Users business.

    5.  [*ThruThink Evaluation™* and *ThruThink Deal
        Score™*.]{.underline} The System incorporates a *ThruThink
        Evaluation™* and *ThruThink Deal Score™*. The evaluation and
        deal score involve proprietary formulas, algorithms and
        concepts. They are based on the Customer Data and: (a)
        incorporate the Forward Looking Projections described in Section
        8.4 (*Forward Looking Projections*); (b) do not constitute
        investment advice or opinions by the Vendor in any manner;
        and (c) do not provide or make any representation, warranties or
        guarantees about the outcome or suitability of Users business.

    6.  [Calculation Errors and Glitches]{.underline}. The System has
        thousands of potential User Inputs. While the Vendor has
        performed extensive testing, there is an infinite amount of
        combinations that could be made with the User Inputs and there
        is a risk that there may be calculation errors or glitches
        within the System. The User acknowledges and assumes this risk
        by agreeing to this Agreement and as such accepts that the
        Vendors liability for any calculation error or glitch is limited
        by the provisions in Section 10.1 (*Dollar Cap*) below.

    7.  [Third Party Web Sites; Third Party Services; No Endorsement
        Implied]{.underline}. Vendor's site may contain links to other
        web sites owned by third parties (Third Party Sites). The
        Customer should understand that clicking on these sites will
        take the Customer to the Third party Sites over which the Vendor
        has no control or responsibility. The vendor is not responsible
        for any activity or actions that result from the Customer
        clicking on the link to the Third Party Site. In addition, the
        Customer may also have the ability to log in to third party
        services (Third Party Services) through the Vendors site to
        Customer accounts provided by the third parties. The Vendor is
        not responsible for any activity or events that happens in the
        Third Party Sites or with the Third Party Services even if
        Customer is logged in thru Vendors site. It is the Customer\'s
        responsibility to review and comply with the Third Party\'s
        Terms of Service and approve all activity and occurrences that
        happens with the Third Party Site and Third Party Services.

    8.  [Third Party Compensation]{.underline}. In most instances, the
        Vendor is compensated by the third party for including a link to
        or advertising for the Third Party Sites contained in the
        Vendors website. Acceptance of compensation or including a third
        party link on the Vendors site should not be construed as an
        endorsement or approval by the Vendor of the Third Party Site or
        its products or services.

9.  **[INDEMNIFICATION]{.underline}.** Customer shall defend, indemnify,
    and hold harmless Vendor and the Vendor Associates (as defined
    below) against any "[Indemnified Claim]{.underline}," meaning any
    claim, suit, or proceeding arising out of or related to User\'s
    alleged or actual use of, misuse of, or failure to use the System,
    including without limitation: (a) any claims by User, Customer,
    Customer\'s Sub Users or other Users (b) any claims related to
    Errors or Glitches in the System (Section 8.6-*Calculation Errors
    and Glitches*) (c) claims related to unauthorized disclosure or
    exposure of personally identifiable information or other private
    information, including Customer Data; (d) claims related to
    infringement or violation of a copyright, trademark, trade secret,
    or privacy or confidentiality right by written material, images,
    logos or other content uploaded to the System through Customer's
    Subscription, including without limitation the Customer Data;
    and (e) claims that use of the System through Customer's
    Subscription, including by Customer's Sub Users or other Users,
    harasses, defames, or defrauds a third party or violates the
    CAN-Spam Act of 2003 or any other law or restriction on electronic
    advertising. Indemnified Claims include, without limitation, claims
    arising out of or related to Vendor's negligence. Customer's
    obligations set forth in this Section 9 (*Indemnification*) include
    retention and payment of attorneys and payment of court costs, as
    well as settlement at Customer's expense and payment of judgments.
    Vendor will have the right, not to be exercised unreasonably, to
    reject any settlement or compromise that requires that it admit
    wrongdoing or liability or subjects it to any ongoing affirmative
    obligations. (The "[Vendor Associates]{.underline}" are Vendor's
    officers, directors, members, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries,
    agents, successors, and assigns.)

10.  **[LIMITATION OF LIABILITY]{.underline}.**

    1.  [Dollar Cap]{.underline}. *TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
        LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE VENDOR'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR
        RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE REMAINING AMOUNT OF THE
        CURRENT SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID BY THE CUSTOMER PRORATED BY THE
        REMAINING AMOUNT OF THE SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD. IF THERE IS NO
        REMAINING SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD OR IN THE CASE OF THE QUICK DEAL,
        THE DOLLAR CAP IS ZERO*.

    2.  [Exclusion of Consequential Damages]{.underline}. *IN NO EVENT
        WILL VENDOR BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
        INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT
        OF THE USE OF THE SYSTEM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT*.

    3.  [Clarifications & Disclaimers]{.underline}. *THE LIABILITIES
        LIMITED BY THIS SECTION* 10 *(Limitations of Liability)
        APPLY: (a) TO LIABILITY FOR VENDORS NEGLIGENCE; (b) REGARDLESS
        OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT,
        STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE; (c) EVEN IF VENDOR IS
        ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE DAMAGES IN QUESTION
        AND EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE; AND (d) EVEN IF
        CUSTOMER'S REMEDIES FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.* If
        applicable law limits the application of the provisions of this
        Section 10 (*Limitations of Liability*), Vendor's liability will
        be limited to the maximum extent permissible. For the avoidance
        of doubt, Vendor's liability limits and other rights set forth
        in this Section 10 (*Limitations of Liability*) apply likewise
        to Vendor's affiliates, licensors, suppliers, advertisers,
        agents, sponsors, directors, officers, members, shareholders,
        employees, consultants, and other representatives.

11.  **[TERM and TERMINATION.]{.underline}**

    1.  [Term]{.underline}. The term of this Agreement (the
        "[Term]{.underline}") shall commence on the Effective Date and
        continue for the period set forth in the Subscription.
        Thereafter, the Term will renew for successive periods, unless
        either party refuses such renewal for any reason by written
        notice within 30 or more days before the renewal date or unless
        either party terminates this Agreement for cause as set forth in
        this Agreement.

    2.  [Termination for Cause]{.underline}. Either party may terminate
        this Agreement for the other's material breach by written
        notice, effective in 10 days unless the other party first cures
        such breach. Without limiting Vendor's other rights and
        remedies, Vendor may suspend or terminate a Customer's, Sub
        Users or other User's access to the System at any time, without
        advanced notice, if the Customer has any past due invoices from
        Vendor or if Vendor, in its sole discretion, reasonably
        concludes such Customer or Customer's Sub User or other User has
        conducted itself in a way that is not consistent with the
        requirements of this Agreement or the AUP or in a way that
        subjects Vendor to potential liability.

    3.  [Termination for Convenience]{.underline}. The Vendor may
        terminate this Agreement for any reason or no reason at its
        convenience. If this Agreement is terminated by the Vendor as
        set forth in this Section 11.3 (*Termination for
        Convenience*[)]{.underline}, the Vendor will refund to the
        Customer, the amount of Subscription less the prorated portion
        for the period of the Term used.

    4.  [Effects of Termination]{.underline}. Upon termination of this
        Agreement, Customer access to the System will be terminated. In
        the event access is not terminated, Customer shall cease all use
        of the System. The following provisions will survive termination
        or expiration of this Agreement: (a) any obligation of Customer
        to pay Fees incurred before termination; (b) Sections 6 (*IP &
        Feedback*), 7 (*Confidential Information*), 8.3 (*Warranty
        Disclaimers*), 9 (*Indemnification*), and 10 (*Limitation of
        Liability*); and (c) any other provision of this Agreement that
        must survive to fulfill its essential purpose. Upon Termination
        of this Agreement, Customer Data will be subject to Data
        Deletion under Section 4.6 (*Data Deletion*).

12. **[MISCELLANEOUS]{.underline}.**

    1.  [Independent Relationship]{.underline}. The Parties are
        independent of each other and will so represent themselves in
        all regards. Neither party is the agent of the other and cannot
        make commitments on the other's behalf. The Parties agree that
        no Vendor employee or contractor will be an employee of Customer
        without written approval by both Parties.

    2.  [Notices]{.underline}. Vendor may send notices pursuant to this
        Agreement to Customer's email contact points provided by
        Customer, and such notices will be deemed received 24 hours
        after they are sent. Customer may send notices pursuant to this
        Agreement to the email <support@thruthink.com>, and such notices
        will be deemed received 72 hours after they are sent.

    3.  [Force Majeure]{.underline}. No delay, failure, or default,
        other than a failure to pay Fees when due, will constitute a
        breach of this Agreement to the extent caused by acts of war,
        terrorism, hurricanes, earthquakes, other acts of God or of
        nature, strikes or other labor disputes, riots or other acts of
        civil disorder, embargoes, or other causes beyond the performing
        party's reasonable control.

    4.  [Assignment & Successors]{.underline}. Customer may not assign
        this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder
        without Vendor's express written consent. Except to the extent
        forbidden in this Section 12.4 (*Assignment & Successors*), this
        Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
        Parties' respective successors and assigns.

    5.  [Severability]{.underline}. To the extent permitted by
        applicable law, the Parties hereby waive any provision of law
        that would render any clause of this Agreement invalid or
        otherwise unenforceable in any respect. In the event that a
        provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or otherwise
        unenforceable, such provision will be interpreted to fulfill its
        intended purpose to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
        law, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will
        continue in full force and effect.

    6.  [No Waiver]{.underline}. Neither party will be deemed to have
        waived any of its rights under this Agreement by lapse of time
        or by any statement or representation other than by an
        authorized representative in an explicit written waiver. No
        waiver of a breach of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of
        any other breach of this Agreement.

    7.  [Dispute Resolution.]{.underline} Before filing a claim against
        the Vendor, the Customer agrees to contact the Vendor at
        <support@thruthink.com> and attempt to resolve any issues
        informally first through direct discussions with the Vendor. If
        the Customer and Vendor cannot resolve a dispute or claim
        arising out of or related to the use of the System or this
        Agreement, all formal disputes must be resolved through
        mediation or arbitration as described in Section 12.8
        (*Mediation and* *Arbitration*) below.

    8.  [Mediation and Arbitration]{.underline}. The Customer agrees to
        resolve any issues or claims with the Vendor, the use of the
        System or this Agreement that cannot be informally resolved,
        through mediation and if it still cannot be resolved, through
        final and binding arbitration and the Customer expressly waives
        trial by jury, except as set forth below. The Parties agree to
        first try and settle the dispute or claim by mediation
        administered by the American Arbitration Association under its
        Commercial Mediation Procedures, with the Parties sharing
        equally the costs of mediation, before resorting to arbitration.
        The Parties further agree that any unresolved controversy or
        claim arising out of use of the System or relating to this
        Agreement, or breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration
        administered by the American Arbitration Association in
        accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules and judgment on
        the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any
        court having jurisdiction thereof. Any arbitration must be
        commenced by filing a demand for arbitration within 90 days
        after the date the Customer knows of or reasonably should have
        known of the cause of the claim or dispute.

The arbitrator(s) must follow the provisions and intent of this
Agreement and shall have substantial experience in intellectual
property, business analysis and cloud based software service. The place
of arbitration shall be Fresno, California. The arbitration shall be
conducted in English and governed by the laws of the State of
California. Hearings will take place pursuant to the standard procedures
of the Commercial Arbitration Rules that contemplate in person hearings.
Time is of the essence for any arbitration under this agreement and
arbitration hearings shall take place within 90 days of filing a demand
and awards rendered within 120 days. Arbitrator(s) shall agree to these
limits prior to accepting appointment. Each party shall bear its own
costs and expenses and an equal share of the arbitrators\' and
administrative fees of arbitration. The award of the arbitrators shall
be accompanied by a reasoned opinion. Except as may be required by law,
neither a party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content,
or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written
consent of both Parties.

If for any reason this Section 12.8 (*Mediation and Arbitration*) does
not or cannot apply to a dispute or claim, any judicial proceeding must
be brought in accordance to Section 12.9 (*Choice of Law &
Jurisdiction*).

9.  [Choice of Law & Jurisdiction]{.underline}. This Agreement will be
    governed solely by the internal laws of the State of California,
    United States of America, without reference to: (a) any conflicts of
    law principle that would apply the substantive laws of another
    jurisdiction to the Parties' rights or duties; (b) the 1980 United
    Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods;
    or (c) other international laws. The Parties consent to the personal
    and exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of
    Fresno, California, United States of America.

10. [Conflicts]{.underline}. In the event of any conflict between this
    Agreement and any Vendor policy posted online, including without
    limitation the Sub Users Agreement, Privacy Policy, the Acceptable
    Use Policy or the Service Level Agreement, the terms of this
    Agreement will govern.

11. [Construction]{.underline}. The Parties agree that the terms of this
    Agreement result from negotiations between them. This Agreement will
    not be construed in favor of or against either party by reason of
    authorship.

12. [Technology Export]{.underline}. Customer shall not: (a) access or
    use the System or permit any third party to access or use the System
    in violation of any U.S. law or regulation; or (b) export any
    software provided by Vendor or otherwise remove it from the Vendors
    server. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Customer
    shall not permit any third party to access or use the System except
    in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable U.S. laws and
    regulations and maintain compliance with all U. S. laws and
    regulations regarding the export or use of software or sale of
    subscriptions for software in a country subject to a United States
    embargo or sanction.

13. [Entire Agreement]{.underline}. This Agreement sets forth the entire
    agreement of the Parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
    writings, negotiations, and discussions with respect to its subject
    matter. Neither party has relied upon any such prior or
    contemporaneous communications.

14. [Amendment]{.underline}. Vendor may amend this Agreement from time
    to time by posting an amended version at its Website (Amendment
    Date). Such amendment will be deemed accepted upon the Users
    continued use of the System after the Amendment Date unless Customer
    first gives Vendor written notice of rejection of the amendment. In
    the event of such rejection, the Customer may terminate this
    Agreement pursuant to Section 11 (*Term and Termination*). User's
    continued use of the System following the Amendment Date of an
    amendment, will confirm Customer's consent thereto. This Agreement
    may not be amended in any other way except through a written
    agreement by authorized representatives of each party.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 12.14
    (*Amendment*), Vendor may revise the Sub User Agreement, Privacy
    Policy, the Acceptable Use Policy and the Service Level Agreement at
    any time by posting a new version of either at the Website, and such
    new version will become effective on the date it is posted.
