# Capital Expenditures (Cap Ex) or Asset Sales
## Category: Assets
Capital Expenditures are purchases of assets other than Inventory and Accounts Receivable. On the Cap Ex Input page, a positive number is used for purchases. Depreciation for Capital Purchases will be calculated using the factors in the Depreciation Set-Up  page.
A negative number input is used to represent Asset Sales and should represent the proceeds from the Asset sale. In the *ThruThink* analysis, the negative number entered as an Asset Sale will reduce the Gross Value of the Asset Class and increase Cash.
To fully represent the Asset Sale, multiple accounting style Adjusting Journal Entries (AJE) in Step 7 will need to be made to record the Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets, the reduction of Accumulated Depreciation and adjust the Asset Value to reflect the removal of the Book Value of the asset instead of the proceeds from the sale. All gains from asset sales will be considered as Long Term Capital Gains (assets held over one year). Capital Losses from the Sale of Assets will be carried into future years to apply against future Capital Gains. No Capital Loss will be applied against Ordinary Income. For additional information see Help - Capital Gain.
When an Asset Sale occurs, if Adjusting Journal Entries are not made to record Gain (Loss) and adjustment to Accumulated Depreciation, all asset sales will be considered as net book value and no gain or (loss) will be recognized until the Asset Sale proceeds exceed the entire Asset Class value.
When proceeds from the Asset Sale exceed the Gross Value (prior to depreciation) of the Asset Class (ex: all assets booked as Machinery & Equipment), the Asset Class value will be reduced to zero and Accumulated Depreciation will recaptured and be counted as Ordinary Income and the excess sold value will be counted as Long Term Capital Gain. Adjusting Journal Entries in Step 7 may be made to adjust the Long Term Capital Gain to Ordinary Income.
For the years following the Asset Sale, the regular depreciation expense will be reduced by an allocated amount representing the Sold Asset. The Sale Amount will be divided by the Asset Class life years which will reduce the annual depreciation expense amount for the Asset Class (ex: all assets booked as Machinery & Equipment). Because these calculations are based on averages and not specific asset removal, the exact year of original acquisition of the Sold Asset is unknown. The specific associated depreciation for the Sold Asset should be considered approximate in nature.
