# Individually Scheduled Securities/Notes Receivable-Month Due Help
## Category: Assets
This entry only will apply to a Note or Securities Receivable with annual payments (1 per year). For items other than annual payments, inputs for Month Due will default to Month "12".
The Month the payment is due to be received is the Month # from the Effective Date, i.e., if the Effective Date is March 31 and the payment is due in June, then the Month Period Due would be 3.
For an entry prior to Month Period 12, accrued interest income and Accrued Interest Income Asset for the remaining periods of the year will be generated.
If the Month Due is prior to month 12, the total payment will stay the same, but the amount of interest income will vary and represent only the months of the year prior to and including the Month Due period. The balance of the payment will be principal and reduce the note receivable amount accordingly.
With a prior existing note receivable, accrued interest income receivable as an initial balance input should be entered as an Accrued Interest Income Receivable asset as of the beginning date in the Asset set up process. This would represent the months of the year after the last payment was received in the prior year.
If this is a prior existing note receivable, for annual payments only, input a Month Due greater than 12, the Start Month is the month the payment was last received last year plus 12. The interest received will be for the 12 months after last years Payment which will include the periods from the prior year. On an accrual basis, interest paid this year for the months of last year will be reversed out of Accrued Interest Income Asset and accrued Interest Income (See Interest Income detail). For example if there is a payment for an existing note receivable due in April (Month 4) this year and was last received in April of last year, use a month due of 16 (April = Month 4, 4 + 12 months back = 16). 12 months of interest will be received and become Interest Income and 8/12 of the Interest received will be reversed out or credited to Accrued Interest Income Asset and lower or debit Interest Income.
An automatic accrual entry will be made debiting Accrued Interest Income Asset and crediting Interest Income for the months after the Month Period Due for each Yr beginning with Yr 1. This input is then automatically reversed the following year. See Interest Income information form for the detail of these entries.
