# Balance Sheet
## Category: Balance Sheet
The Balance Sheet represents the post Effective Date or Post Closing Balance Sheet of the Transaction. If this is to Purchase the Target Company, the Balance Sheet will reflect the post closing Balance Sheet of the Target Company after being purchased. The Balance Sheet is presented on the Accrual Basis.
For the purchase or analysis of the Existing Company, the Existing Company's Balance Sheet is entered into the Existing Company Beginning Balance Sheet using the Existing Company Asset and Debt Input pages. The Post Effective Date Balance Sheet will be the Balance Sheet after the closing of the transaction which will reflect the amortized Transaction Expenses, Goodwill of the purchase and any Asset write-offs, adjustments or restructures from the Existing Company Beginning Balance Sheet.
When the Existing Company Purchases the Target Company, the post Closing Date Balance Sheet will bring together the Target Company acquisition and the Existing Company Beginning Balance Sheet after the closing of the transaction which will reflect the amortized Transaction Expenses, Goodwill of the purchase and any Asset write-offs, adjustments or restructures from the Existing Company Beginning Balance Sheet. Any cash required from the Existing Company to purchase the Target Company will be deducted from the Existing Company's Beginning Balance Sheet cash. If there is insufficient Existing Company cash to complete the Transaction, an error will show on the Equity Input Page.
