# EBITDA Projection Inputs
## Category: EBITDA
A direct input for Earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) may be entered. Since EBITDA is naturally derived as a result of Sales less COGS and Operating Expenses, a direct input for EBITDA will override all results from Sales less COGS and Operating Expenses. If this feature is used, all sales, COGS and Operating Expenses will be ignored or zeroed out. Any Inputs in the Individually Scheduled Sales Input page will also be ignored. Manually inputted Operating Expense adjustments inputted as well as Seller Lease Expense and Other (Income) Expense will however not be overridden by EBITDA Override inputs.
It is important to complete Base EBITDA input in Step 3 as that information will also be used as part of the Deal Evaluation process.
### EBITDA for the Horizon Period items can be entered by the User in three different ways:
1. A Percent Increase over the beginning or previous Years EBITDA in Step 3
2. A Cash Flow Control page override adjustment as a Percent Increase over the beginning or previous Years EBITDA input. The % Growth for EBITDA entered in the Cash Flow Control page will override the Step 3 % inputs.
3. A Cash Flow Control page override adjustment as a Whole Number input. A Whole Number input for EBITDA on the Cash Flow Control form will override both the Step 3 and Cash Flow Control % EBITDA inputs.
When an EBITDA override is used, if there is beginning A/R and Inventory balances, these same balances will be used at the end of all subsequent years. A/R and Inventory will decrease by the amount set to write off each year, otherwise will stay constant from year to year.
When an EBITDA override is used, if there is beginning Accounts Payable (A/P), A/P will stay constant from year to year.
When the Existing Company is being purchased or the Existing Company is purchasing the Target Company, EBITDA inputs from both the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company will be combined. Care should be taken not to duplicate amounts.
When the Existing Company is being purchased or the Existing Company is purchasing the Target Company and EBITDA growth Inputs are made for each, EBITDA calculations can be kept separate on the Cash Flow Control page. If no percent is entered for Year 1 or after year 1, if there is a break in the annual growth Inputs (no input or by using Sales less, expense method or using a Whole Number override) any subsequent Percent growth entries after the break in this page will be ignored.
If no growth is desired, to avoid a break, a "0" for no growth can be entered and will be considered an Input and maintain the same number as the prior year.
A break will cause the Transaction Sheet EBITDA and the Existing Company EBITDA to be combined. Once the Transaction EBITDA and the Existing Company EBITDA become combined, the subsequent separation becomes unavailable which causes the subsequent separate EBITDA Growth Inputs by Target Company or Existing Company to be ignored. Adjustments are then made using the Whole Number or % EBITDA Inputs that will adjust the Total EBITDA.
