# Equity Adjustments-Existing Company Inputs
## Category: Equity
### For Existing Company Beginning Balance Sheet Only
*Warning: Equity adjustments are unusual and not recommended. They should only be made by those who thoroughly understand the accounting and tax implications!!*
The Adjustment column can be used for adjustments to the individual items or for eliminations when combining companies.
When adding or subtracting items in the Adjustment column, the total of the column should add to "0". In other words, for every positive number inserted for an asset, a like negative number or numbers should be inserted for another asset or a like positive number inserted for a liability. Same is true for liabilities. Adding to a liability will offset adding to an asset and vice versa. If there is no corresponding asset or liability entry, then the Equity adjustment can be used. The equity adjustment should not be used unless absolutely necessary. If there actually needs to be an equity adjustment, enter it on the Equity adjustment line, however all equity adjustments are subject to a Deferred Tax Liability or Deferred Tax Credit which will be shown on this line, unless the user makes the selection on the Existing Company Initial Balance Sheet to not calculate the tax liability or credit. If not overridden by a "Yes" selection, the tax liability will be created on the Existing Company Initial Balance Sheet and can be paid by a User generated Adjusting Journal Entry to Deferred Tax Liability (as a cash flow item, but not as an expense).
After any asset or liability adjustment is made, the impact on Equity will be shown as Equity Adjustment Needed. Enter that number into the Equity Adjustment Input Box being careful to replicate the sign (positive or negative) for the Equity Adjustment. The Equity Adjustment Needed number should now be '0'.
Select 'Yes' on the Equity Adjustment Input page (found in the Existing Company Debt Input page or in the Equity Section of the Existing Company Beginning Balance Sheet) to calculate the income tax liability or credit for the adjustment to equity indicated. By selecting 'No', the User chooses not to calculate a tax liability or credit on the adjustment to Equity. User understands that most equity adjustments that come from adjusting Asset or Liability accounts will generate a Gain or Loss that will have an effect on income taxes.
*If 'Yes' is chosen on the Equity Adjustment Input page, the tax liability on this adjustment will be calculated and the actual equity change will be the net between this entry and the added Deferred Tax Liability.*
*If 'Yes' is selected, the Equity Adjustment will generate a Deferred Tax Liability or Deferred Tax Credit which can be paid by a User generated Adjusting Journal Entry.*
*By selecting 'No" on the Equity Adjustment Input page, no tax liability will be calculated for the Equity Adjustment.*
