# Equity Group Return
## Category: Equity
When considering the Equity Group Return, the initial investment for the Equity Group will include the amount contributed or distributed to/from the amount of any cash contributed as Equity Notes, along with the amount of any Seller Notes if the Equity Group is part of the Seller.
As a return on the initial investment, the annual cash returns from interest and principal payments on Equity Notes, Seller Notes if the Equity Group was part of the Seller. In addition annual equity draws or contributions will be used as annual returns. In the last year of the Horizon period or Exit Year, the Equity Group's share of the Company Equity as well as any Gain form a sale (less Long Term Capital Gain tax) will be attributed to the Equity Group.
In some cases the total of the individual Equity Groups net Contribution will not add up to the Total of the Equity Groups portion of the Company Equity. This will occur because of the Equity and the amount of the Seller Note attributed to one of the Equity Groups. The Notes are considered contributions when considering the individual Equity Group return position, however those Notes are Liabilities for the Company and of course are not counted as Company equity.
Another reason the individual Equity Group contributions will not equal the Equity Groups interest in the Total Company will be when the Equity Groups in total, purchase or own less than 100% of the Company. In such cases, any Transaction Fees for the transaction, debt raised to fund the transaction as well as the purchase price for the Equity Groups interest in the Company happen outside of the Company. In other words, in a partial interest situation, these amounts are not capitalized on the Company's balance sheet. A purchase is between the original Equity Group or Seller and the purchasing Equity Groups. This happens so as to not dilute or change the original equity holders interest in the Company.
An exception to not allowing Partial Interest transaction debt is an Equity Debt contribution by one of the purchasing Equity Groups. This will be allowed if in the transaction, working capital cash in the same amount as the Equity Debt is being contributed to the Company. In this manner, the original Equity Groups interest is not being changed because the increase in cash will balance the new Equity Debt.
