# Remaining Equity Required (Surplus) Cash
## Category: Equity
If the Project is not a Quick Deal project and there is remaining equity required for the Transaction after the Equity Section is completed, there has not  been enough cash provided either through the debt funds, cash equity Inputs or cash equity notes to satisfy the cash requirements of the transaction. The *ThruThink* analysis will not allow this and indicate an "Error". From a numbers point of view however, the analysis will place that amount in the equity section of the Balance Sheet identified as Additional Equity Required without an Equity Group identification, but will cause an "Error" in the Error Summary Report (Current Project tab - Error Check).
To correct a Remaining Equity Required error, the User will need to either adjust the inputs in Step 6 to provide more debt funds if possible, decrease the Minimum Beginning Cash required and or increase the Equity cash provided in Step 8 or in Step 4, decrease the Purchase Price.
If the Project is an Individual Quick Deal project however, an "Error" will not be caused and an amount for the Remaining Equity Required will be automatically placed in the equity section of the Balance Sheet identified as Additional Equity Required without an Equity Group identification. If any changes are subsequently made by the User to the Equity Groups that changes it from a Quick Deal however, an error will be caused and the Remaining Equity Required will need to be identified to the individual Equity Groups.
If there is Surplus Cash which will be indicated by a negative number, any of the ways in which cash was supplied to the transaction (debt funds or equity contributions) could be reduced to reduce the amount of available cash. Also the Beginning Cash Working Capital requirement can be increased to use up the surplus cash. These measures will reduce the Surplus Cash amount. If the surplus cash is left as surplus, that amount will be distributed to the Equity Groups in their percentage of ownership indicated in the Equity Inputs, during what is considered the Transaction Escrow, in other words, after the Transaction is completed, but prior to the 1st year of operations. This will be shown in the equity section of the beginning balance sheet as a distribution.
### Partial Interest Equity Purchase
The User may purchase a partial equity interest in the company in the Step 8 Equity Input process. When a partial interest of the Company is being purchased, Transaction Sheet Debt will not be allowed. The User must provide all of the funds required for the equity purchase as Equity Cash. This is because Transaction Sheet Debt will flow to the post transaction Company after the purchase and if it is used for a partial equity interest, will dilute the non purchased equity holders interest.
With a partial interest Equity purchase, the post transaction Company Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Cash Flow and Company performance reports represents 100% of the Company. There are Equity Group reports that provide return analysis on each Equity Groups performance.
If a partial equity interest is being purchased, the acquiring equity holders may provide Equity Debt but only in the same amount that Working Capital Cash is being provided by the transaction. In this manner, the non purchased equity holders interest will be kept intact because cash increased by the same amount as the Equity Debt.
When a Partial Interest purchase is being made and the User selects "Yes" in Step 8 for "Does Contributed Cash Stay in the Company", in order to keep the Equity Groups balanced, the effect of this will be that the cash is paid out to the Selling Equity Group and the Selling Equity Group and the Purchasing Equity Group re-contributes an amount of cash in proportion to their separate Equity Ownership shares. This feature will require additional cash to be contributed by the purchasing Equity Groups.
