# Project Status - OK / Warning / Error
## Category: Errors, Warnings and Cautions
When a project has been opened, the Project Status will be shown on the Navigation Bar. This will be either OK, Warning or Error. If the status is "OK", then there are no input or calculation errors or warnings. On the Navigation Bar, under the Current Project tab, click on the OK, Warning or Error. If the status is "Warning", the calculations are "OK", but the User should look at the Error Summary page for a list of the Warnings or Cautions. These are simply suggested issues for which the User should be aware and the User may make any changes as desired. If the status is "Error", the User should look at the Error Summary for a list of the Errors. These can be input errors by the User that cause negative balances or calculation errors or inconsistencies noted by the program. If the errors can be corrected by the User, they are noted on the Error Summary. If the status says "Error" and there are none listed in the Error Summary, then the errors are caused by calculation inconsistencies within the program and should be brought to the attention of *ThruThink* by contacting *ThruThink* through the means directed on the Contact page.
The User should keep in mind there are over 8,000 different inputs available for the User which create an infinite amount of possible combinations of those inputs for which testing of every combination becomes virtually impossible. Years of testing and extreme effort by *ThruThink* has been made to test thousands and thousands of different combinations of inputs, however it is possible that the User could input a combination of inputs that could create a calculation error. If after correcting any User caused input errors and the status still shows "Error", then it may be useful for the User to back track through the User inputs and observe which inputs are causing the error by using the Edit/Undo feature. This will be very helpful when reporting errors to *ThruThink*.
