# Exit Value Input
## Category: Exit Strategy
The Exit Value for the Company or Deal needs to be entered on the Exit Strategy page found in Step 7 for the most useful analysis.
The Exit Value may be entered for only the end of the Horizon time period, however for Horizon time periods over 10 years, the User should be sure to at least enter an appropriate Exit Value for Year 10 as well as the end of the Horizon time period. The *ThruThink Deal Evaluation* evaluates only the first 10 years of a deal and will use the Hard Asset liquidation value for the Exit Value at year 10, if there is not a Market Value available.
The Exit Strategy process is intended for the User to input a possible, expected or required Market Value sale for the Company in a given year during the analysis horizon period. The Market Value may be expressed as a multiple of EBITDA or a flat amount for the Company or a combination of both. The combination is useful when the business value may include a value for the business that can be expressed as a multiple of EBITDA and other asset value such as real estate that should be expressed as a set number.
The Exit Value does not change the cash flow of the Company. It will flow into the Equity Analysis found on the Snap Shot Summary and the Summary of Salient Results reports.
Several analysis factors in *ThruThink* require an annual market value for the Company for each year in order to express a "what if" annual return for the investment in the Company. Therefore, the User should actually enter a factor for each of the Horizon years of the analysis, however the last year of the time horizon and Year 10 if the horizon is greater than year 10 are the most important inputs. Using the EBITDA Multiple method of valuation, provides a relatively simple measure of value on an ongoing basis as it automatically reflects the performance of the company. If the analysis is set to reflect a scenario for a single year however, then value factors for only that year may be entered.
