# Seller Retained Asset Lease
## Category: Expenses
The value for any assets retained by the Seller at the close of escrow such as real property, buildings, and or fixed in place equipment that are to be used by the Company need to be included in the projected expenses of the Company. An annual lease percentage can be used to represent this expense and is found as an input in Step 7.
This value is a separate input from the Value of Seller Assets retained in the Purchase Price input in Step 4. It may however be the same value as that used in Step 4 or may be a different value. The distinction is the value used in this input is the value upon which the User wishes to base a rent or lease payment.
In Step 7, there is an annual Seller Lease expense input. Because this calculation is independent of the Seller Retained Assets in Step 4, the lease represented in Step 7 may also represent any other assets owned by the Seller or other party as required by the User. The reason to use Step 7 is to make it a priority expense which will not be affected by an EBITDA override.
This is a very simple annual percent lease or fixed payment calculation and is intended to provide the User the ability to input an expense for assets that are required for normal operations of the Company that would otherwise be acquired with the purchase of the Company, but are not included in the purchase price. This should not be used for post close of escrow (Effective Date) asset leases. An example of the intended use would be for a building or Real Estate that the Company used and Real Estate is often not part of a Company purchase.
The percentage used should represent an appropriate annual charge for the use of the assets represented.
