# Income Input
## Category: Income
This page will guide the User in entering growth projections derived from the Base Sales for Income and Expenses or growth projections for EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) derived from base EBITDA.
Using the EBITDA option will override any inputs made for Income/Expense as EBITDA is the net result of the income less expense.
Options for entering Income & Expense:
1. The User may make projections for Years 1-3 in the Historical Worksheet process. If after making these projections, the User will have the option to input the projections into the Cash Flow Control page, (if you do not know whether you did this, it is a very deliberate process that you probably will remember doing). If the User chose to input the projections from the Historical Worksheet into the Cash Flow Control, then the Step 3 input should be skipped.
2. The User may make % growth inputs over Base Sales on the Step 3 input page along with % of Sales inputs for expenses for each of the years 1-3 and one constant growth input that will be used for all remaining years of the Horizon period.
3. The User may make % growth inputs over Base EBITDA on the Step 3 input page for each of the years 1-3 and one constant growth input for EBITDA that will be used for all remaining years of the Horizon period.
4. There are override inputs available for each of these Step 3 inputs on the Cash Flow Control page and the User may choose to skip the inputs here and make projections for Income/Expense or EBITDA directly on the Cash Flow Control page. If inputs are made here, the User will continue to have the opportunity to make adjustments on the Cash Flow Control page which will then override inputs made on this page.
5. Detailed individual inputs for Income and Expense can be made by using the Individually Scheduled Item options on the Step 3 input page which will provide individualized input options that are not available on the Step 3 input page or on the Cash Flow Control page.
The Individually Scheduled Item results and all of the Income and Expense or EBITDA growth inputs on the Step 3 input page will show up separately and be included on the Cash Flow Control page. If these are subsequently overridden by inputs directly to the Cash Flow Control page, these inputs will no longer be visible from the Cash Flow Control page.
