# Accounts Receivable and Inventory Financing
## Category: Liabilities
Accounts Receivable and Inventory may be used individually as collateral for credit lines.
This feature may be turned on or off by clicking the applicable check box(s) in the Accounts Receivable and Inventory sections of the Cash Flow Control page (see Workflow/Cash Flow Control Page). When these boxes are checked, the credit lines become available and use the Leverage Ratios, Loan Reserve and Interest Rates found in the Accounts Receivable Future Terms Set-up and/or Inventory Future Terms Set-Up tables (see Information Browser). Once activated and the future terms set-up tables have been populated as desired, the credit lines will automatically draw and payoff (sweep) between the credit lines and the cash account on a weekly basis.
The limit on these lines are established by the Leverage Ratio and the Loan Reserve amounts. There is an overall maximum limit input for each of these credit lines, however the default for this input is blank and a blank input will provide no maximum limit for these loans.
The monthly peak amounts for these credit lines are illustrated in the Annual Budget Report The indicated peak amounts may be used to establish the overall maximum requirements with the lender. After the appropriate maximums are determined, an input for the overall maximum may be entered for the Accounts Receivable and Inventory Lines of Credit in their respective Future Terms Set-Up tables (see Information/Browser tab).
