# Warrant Information
## Category: Liabilities
Warrants, as used in the *ThruThink* analysis, are rights given to an outside party (Warrant Holder) enabling them to own a certain percentage of the Company at some point (at the Warrant Holders election) in the future. Although in reality, warrants can be sold by the company, in this analysis, the Warrants are issued by the Company to the Warrant Holder at no cost to the Warrant Holder.
Warrant Liability is generated from the Warrant provisions of the Subordinated Debt for the Transaction Sheet Subordinated Debt (Individual Loan) or the Individually Scheduled Subordinated Debt (Multiple Loans) that is directed to either the Transaction Sheet or the Existing Company .
Warrants are very often given to a Subordinated Debt lender (Sub Debt) as an inducement to make the loan. The security for the Sub Debt loan is the value of the company after the Senior Secured Debt (Senior Debt) is paid, which involves a greater level of risk. As partial compensation for the added risk, Warrants provide the Sub Debt lender the ability to participate in the future success of the company. In this analysis, the Warrant Holder is the Sub Debt lender.
### Warrant Value Calculation
The Warrant calculation in this analysis creates a liability (Accrued Warrant Value) for the indicated percent of the Company issued as a Warrant (% of Company Value) at the end of each year, based on the selected multiple of EBITDA (EBITDA Sale Multiple). The Warrant Value is calculated by the % of Company Value times the Company Value (EBITDA Sale Multiple times the Company's EBITDA, plus cash less all liabilities except accrued warrant value). The Warrant Value in the analysis will be based on the EBITDA of the year prior to the Warrant Exercise Year and the Balance Sheet of the Company as of year end just prior to the Warrant Exercise Year.
The details of the Warrant calculations along with the Company Value assumptions can be found in the Sub Debt Warrant Detail page. There are separate calculations for the Transaction Sheet Sub Debt and the Individually Scheduled Sub Debt.
### Warrant Exercise Year
The Warrant Exercise Year is the year that the Warrants are to be paid to the Warrant Holder. It is a User Input in Sub Debt setup input page. The Warrant Exercise Year is intended to reflect when the Warrant Holder will exercise the Warrant although this may not be known by the User at the time of the Debt setup. This Input then becomes a best guess, estimate or forecast by the User. In the analysis the Warrants are then purchased from the Warrant Holder (Sub Debt Lender) by the Company in the Exercise Year. As the Warrant is paid, the Accrued Warrant Value liability is reduced and company cash is reduced.
For the Transaction Sheet Sub Debt Input, the resulting Warrant amount can be paid in a lump sum or in annual installments ( # of Payments) to be negotiated at the time the Warrants are issued by the Company. This is intended as a tool for the Company to spread out the impact of paying the Warrant upon exercise. This is a User Input at the time the Warrant is set up by the User. This is not available to the Individually Scheduled Sub Debt Inputs as these are generally existing Warrants established prior to the Effective Date.
As the Warrant Value is established or changes, in addition to adjusting the Liability, Accrued Warrant Value, a corresponding offset entry will adjust the Equity Section of the Balance Sheet.
In addition to the Warrant Exercise Year, the Warrant Sale Multiple of Company EBITDA may also have to be a best guess and should be considered simply a place holder representing the estimated future impact of the Warrant.
*There are no tax consequences calculated for any gain or loss on the issuance or buy back of the Warrants.*
The purpose of including Warrants in the analysis is to provide an estimate of the cash flow requirement on the Company at the time of the Warrant Exercise Year.
Because in this analysis, the Warrants are issued at no cost to the Warrant Holder, the Company must be careful as to the amount of equity being given to the Warrant Holder. It should be balanced between the amount of initial equity and the Warrant Holders risk position. The analysis can be used by the Company to measure the possible future value of the Warrants and better analyze this balance as well as forecast the future cash availability to fund the Warrant buy back.
This analysis can also be used by the Sub Debt Lender. The analysis will provide an Internal Rate of Return for the Sub Debt lender for each year, given annual value assumptions, which includes the value calculations described above for the  Warrant. This may assist the Sub Debt lender to test for the best time to exercise the Warrant.
### Unhappy with cash flow
Cash flow is obviously a function of sales less expenses less debt payments, taxes and other cash withdrawals. All of those factors are represented in this analysis and should be individually reviewed, studied and adjusted where possible (except for income taxes which only adjust from changes in taxable income).
Future sales and expenses should reflect available historical performance information and fit into a plan and strategy for the future. Adjustments can be made to sales and expenses, however they should always be made in context with the strategy for the future. Be careful with "wishful thinking" and arbitrary adjustments simply to show better profitability and cash flow.
It sometimes is useful to adjust sales simply to see what level of sales is required to meet cash flow performance goals. This will often expose an unacceptable business opportunity as sales may need to be unrealistically high.
The debt structure itself should be reviewed. Debt can be adjusted by increasing the debt amount or extending the payments by making the debt interest only, or extending the repayment terms of the principal amount of the loan can all have the effect of easing the impact on cash (temporarily in the short term).
In case of a cash shortage, each loan shown on the Cash Flow Control should be analyzed and adjusted where appropriate and new loans created where appropriate.
Capital expenditures should be reviewed and if cash is short, critique the need for non financed capital expenditure or where possible, financing could be used to conserve cash.
If cash is short, any non expense cash withdrawals need to be reviewed and reassessed.
If the above factors have been reviewed thoroughly and there remains an unacceptable cash position or cash shortage, the business opportunity should be reviewed for viability. If the viability of the business opportunity remains because for example, the cash shortage is temporary, the equity structure can be studied for the option of increasing the beginning amount of cash or lay the groundwork for additional equity cash contributions in the future.
Understanding the above factors beforehand will provide the opportunity to design loan terms or equity contributions from the beginning which provides an immeasurable advantage over restructuring loans or equity structure after the need arises. Often the latter is impossible and can be the difference between success and failure for a business venture.
### Accounts Receivable Average Days to Collect
How long it takes to collect Accounts Receivable will have a direct and often material impact on cash flow. Lowering the average time to collect Accounts Receivable will improve cash flow. The Average Weeks to Collect Accounts Receivable can be adjusted by the User with the Average Weeks to Collect Input page.
### Inventory Average Days to Hold
How long Inventory is held before it is sold (Inventory Turn) will have a direct and often material impact on cash flow. Lowering the average time Inventory is held will improve cash flow. The Average Weeks to Hold Inventory can be adjusted by the User with the Average Weeks to Hold Input page.
### Accounts Payable Aging
Accounts Payable payment frequency will effect cash flow on a weekly, monthly or seasonal basis. The frequency for paying Accounts Payable may be adjusted in the Accounts Payables Set Up form.
### Individually Scheduled Items
The Individually Scheduled Items of A/R, Inventory Creation and Use, Cost of Goods Sold, Other Expenses, and Income will effect cash flow on a weekly, monthly or seasonal basis. These Items will allow input by month to adjust cash flow more specifically within the year. This is available in years 1-3.
