# Owner Compensation
## Category: Owner Compensation
### Are the Owners contributions to the actual day to day operations of the Company adequately included in the expense or EBITDA inputs in Step 3?
### Does the projected EBITDA going forward properly reflect the Owners contribution of time and talent to the day to day operations of the Company?
In evaluating the Company performance, often the owner will make significant contributions of time and talent to the operation of the Company that are either Un-Compensated or excluded from expenses for evaluation purposes. If the Owner's contribution of time and talent is critical to the operation of the Company and without such, the Company's existing and expected EBITDA can not be achieved, the value of the Owner's contribution of time and talent should reflected in the Company's expenses and EBITDA projections.
In a purchase or valuation of the Company, the value of this contribution should be reflected as an expense in order to properly asses the value of the actual company. Otherwise especially with a smaller Company, the results of the Company performance could be construed as simply creating a "job" or life style for the owner which may reflect limited independent company value to an independent party.
In addition, it is also important to reflect the Owners expectations as to Owner Compensation. In smaller companies, the Owner's compensation can have a significant impact on the performance of the Company. The User should make a realistic estimate of the compensation necessary or required for the Owner. This should not be viewed as a return for the Owners Equity contribution, but as compensation for operational contributions.
The Owners requirement for living expenses or cash withdrawals should also be considered and amounts required over the actual operational contributions of the Owner can be made with non expense cash withdrawals in the Non Expense Cash Flow page.
If the User chooses to not withdraw cash from the Company, an expense for the Owners Contribution can be made and then a cash contribution in the Non Expense Cash Flow page for the same amount can be made. In this manner, the expense is reflected in the EBITDA calculations, but the cash is contributed back for cash flow purposes.
### Owner compensation Payments
Owner compensation should be considered in two parts. That amount to compensate the Owners contributions to the operations of the Company that is essential and/or would need to be replaced without the Owner so providing. The second part would be that amount provided to the Ownership that is not intended to be an expense of the Company.
Proper treatment of Owners Compensation can have an important impact on the indication of Company performance as reflected in the Company EBITDA. It is important that the appropriate amount for Owners Compensation be included as an Operating expense, however it is also equally important that any excess amount not representing actual operational contribution be excluded from Operational expenses.
There are several ways to reflect Owner Compensation.
###1. Input as Other Expense.
An entry in this category is an expense and will be deducted prior to and reflect in a lower EBITDA. It will be included as an Adjustment to Operating/Overhead Expense in the Cash Flow Control. Amounts should include any applicable payroll taxes and can also include other employee benefits such as health insurance, pension expense, etc. Please note that if the User has or will enter EBITDA override inputs either in Step 3 or the Cash Flow Control, any adjustments to expenses such as this Owners Compensation, will be overridden by the EBITDA inputs (see Step 3). In that case, the EBITDA override numbers used should reflect the proper Owners Compensation.
###2. Input as Non Expense Draw
An entry in this category is not an expense and will be deducted as a non expense cash flow item after and not effect EBITDA. It will be included as a non expense cash flow draw.
Inputs for the first two methods are made in Step 7 or directly with the Owner Compensation Input form.
###3. Include as part of general Operating Expenses
Owner Compensation can simply be considered as part of the general Operating Expense category and in this regard, nothing separate needs to be done by the User. Care must be taken however to insure that Owner Compensation is in fact included in the expenses.
