# Performance Earn Out Option
## Category: Performance Earn Out
The Earn Out option can be accessed in Step 4 or in the Information Browser by entering "Earn Out".
The Performance Earn Out Options may be used as an incentive for either the Seller or any other individual or entity that a Performance Earn Out might be applicable.
As an inducement to an Investor that requires a greater upside the Investor can be given a share of the future performance of the Company. If the Company performance does increase, the Investor will receive a debt obligation or note payable from the Company in the amount of the Earn Out (to be paid in accordance with the terms of the note payable). If the Company performance does not increase, there will be a smaller or no Earn Out at all.
As an inducement to the Seller or if the Seller requires a greater sale price than the current performance of the company might allow, a trade off in the Sale Price negotiation may be to give the Seller a share of the future performance of the Company. If the Company performance does increase, the Sale Price will effectively be increased by the amount of the Earn Out (to be paid in accordance with the terms of the note payable). If the Company performance does not increase, there will be a smaller or no Earn Out at all.
### Performance Earn Out Note
The Earn Out is calculated each year and will accrue as a Performance Earn Out Note under the Seller Debt liability section and be paid in accordance with the debt terms set up by the User for the Performance Earn Out Note in the Transaction Debt section of Step 6.
The Performance Earn Out may also be used as an inducement to a Lender or an Investor. To use this option, the User chooses that the Performance Earn Out will not be a part of the Purchase Price and the Earn Out will simply accrue and be paid as the Performance Earn Out Note.
The Performance Earn Out can only apply to one entity at a time. In other words, it can not be set up for the Seller and another for an Investor.
### Performance Earn Out Calculation Criteria
How the Performance Earn Out is calculated can be found on the Performance Earn Out Input page listed under the Seller Debt Section of the Transaction Sheet Debt Inputs in Step 6 or under the Information browser under Performance Earn Out Inputs.
### There are two Methods for determining a Performance Earn Out: 
Method 1 - Future EBITDA Performance Method, or 
Method 2 - % of Gross Sales Over Hurdle Method.
#### Method 1 - Future EBITDA Performance
The Future EBITDA Performance Method has two Options: Both Options will retroactively effectively increase the Purchase Price of the Company if the Purchase Price application is chosen. When the Purchase Price application is chosen, Option 1 will increase the initial EBITDA Multiple used to purchase the Company per increment of EBITDA growth over the EBITDA Base during the Duration years. An annual decrease in EBITDA will lower the Earn Out Amount. Option 2 will increase the original Purchase Price of the Company by an amount per increment of annual EBITDA result over the Base EBITDA during the Duration years.
Only one Method can be used at a time and with the EBITDA performance method, only one Option can be used at a time.
The Earn Out amount will be calculated based on the specific inputs entered for each Method. For both Methods a duration in years from the Beginning Date is entered by the User for the Earn Out calculations to be applicable (Duration) and if desired a Maximum Earn Out amount. The maximum is not an annual amount, but the maximum cumulative amount over the Duration period.
##### Method 1, Option 1
For Option 1, an EBITDA Multiple Increase number is entered. This will be a multiple of the EBITDA at the time of acquisition (Base EBITDA). For example, if the initial EBITDA multiple is 5, a multiple increase might be .25. for each $100,000 increase in the EBITDA of the Company for the first 3 Years (Duration) after purchase. Therefore, at the end of the 3 year period, if the Company EBITDA increased a total of $300,000 for the 3 year period, the  EBITDA multiple for which the Company purchase was based increases by 1.5, making the final multiple 6.5. The Beginning EBITDA (Base EBITDA) would be multiplied by 1.5 which amount would become the Earn Out Note and paid in accordance with the terms of the Seller Earn Out Note.
The calculation for the EBITDA Earn Out Option 1 will be the EBITDA growth over the Duration Period Input divided by the Increment of EBITDA Growth Input will be multiplied by this EBITDA Multiple and then multiplied by the Initial Company Purchase Base EBITDA.
##### Method 1, Option 2
For Option 2, after the amount that the Earn Out should increase (Increase in Earn Out Amount) for each increase in EBITDA Increment indicated over the Beginning EBITDA (Base EBITDA).
For example, if the Increase in Earn Out Amount is $300,000 for each $1,000,000 in EBITDA growth over the Duration years, and the Company EBITDA grows by $3,000,000 over that time, the Earn Out amount will be $900,000.
Another application of this method would be the situation of offering the Seller for example, 10% of the EBITDA growth for the 4 years following the Purchase/Sale of the Target Company. The User would then enter $1,000 as the Increase in Earn Out Amount and $10,000 EBITDA Increment Amount and 4 for the Duration Years.
The amounts determined in both Methods become an accrued Performance Earn Out Note Payable and at the end of each year adjusted annually for that years performance. The Earn Out Note amount will increase or decrease each year depending as the Company performance fluctuates. The Earn Out Note will be paid out as indicated by the User in the Terms Input for the Performance Earn Out Note.
The repayment terms of the Performance Earn Out Note are found in the Seller Debt Input section.
##### Increment of EBITDA Input
This is an amount for Earnings Before Interest, Taxes (Income), Depreciation, Amortization (EBITDA) that should be the Increment for which the Option 1 EBITDA % or the Option 2 Earn Out amount increase indicated above should be applied. For every Increment of EBITDA growth indicated over the Beginning EBITDA indicated on the Sales and EBITDA Input form (Base EBITDA), either the EBITDA increase amount above multiplied by the Base EBITDA amount or the  Earn Out amount will be increased by the amount indicated above for each increment of EBITDA growth over the Base EBITDA during the Earn Out Duration Input. The Increment of EBITDA Input is found on the Performance Earn Out Input page
#### Method 2 - % of Gross Sales Over Hurdle Method.
The Sales Hurdle Earn Out Method provides an opportunity to pay the Performance Earn Out based on a certain percentage of Company Sales over a certain level. The percentage (% Over Sales Hurdle) is a User Input as well as the sales level (Gross Sales Hurdle).
The % indicated for the % over Sales Hurdle will be multiplied by annual Gross Sales that exceed the Gross Sales Hurdle and that result will create the Performance Earn Out amount.
The Earn Out Amount can be tested and observed at different levels of Sales Percent and Sales Hurdle levels to determine the desired level of Earn Out Incentive.
##### Earn Out Duration Input
A duration period can be entered by the User to indicate how many years the Performance Earn Out will be in place. This Duration Period will begin with the first year after the Beginning Date and represent the number of years that the Earn Out calculations should apply. This input is found on the Performance Earn Out Input page.
##### Performance Earn Out Cap
The User may enter a maximum lifetime cap on the Performance Earn Out. This will cap the amount calculated by either method of Earn Out calculation. If left blank, there will be no cap. If "0" is entered, the Earn Out will be capped at 0. This input is found on the Performance Earn Out Input page.
##### Earn Out Duration Period Input
The User may insert the # of Years for the duration of the Earn Out for either Method of Earn Out. This Duration Period will begin with the first year after the Beginning Date and represent the number of years that the Earn Out calculations should apply.
##### Performance Earn Out Expense
The Performance Earn Out is a factor of Company performance. When the Earn Out is set up by the User, it can either be capitalized or expensed.
Is the Earn Out amount to be considered part of the purchase price for the Company or is it compensation for promised future performance by the Seller such as continued contribution or involvement with the future Company operation?
If it is considered part of the purchase price for the company, the Earn Out amount will be capitalized and accrue to the Performance Earn Out Note and increase the Goodwill asset and be amortized (expensed) over the Goodwill amortization period (default is 15 years).
If it is considered compensation or sharing of the benefit, the amount earned by the Earn Out holder will accrue to the Performance Earn Out Note, but will be expensed in the P & L in the year earned.
When the User elects to expense the Earn Out amount, when the Earn Out changes, the change will be reflected on the Income Statement as Other Expense in the year earned and will be included in the Accrual EBITDA on the Income Statement and be set up as a Performance Earn Out Note Liability. On the Cash Flow Control page, the Earn Out payment is not reflected in the year it is earned, but in the year it is paid out. Payments on the Performance Earn Out are listed under the Seller Debt section on the Cash Flow Control page which is after the EBITDA Calculations. Since the Accrued (earned) Earn Out expense is included in the EBITDA calculations on the Income Statement and the Cash Flow Control EBITDA calculations do not include the Earn Out calculations, the EBITDA on the Income Statement and the EBITDA on the Cash Flow Control page will not match for this reason.
Unless "Yes" is entered as the User Input, the default will be to treat the Performance as part of a Purchase Incentive for the Seller and it will be capitalized to Goodwill and amortized over the life selected by the User. This input is available in the Performance Earn Out Set Up page.
When the Performance Earn Out is paid to one of the Equity Owners of the Company, in determining after tax returns for the Equity Owner in the *ThruThink* analysis, the payments to the Equity Owner by the Company for the Performance Earn Out will be taxed as Ordinary Income to the Equity Owner.
