# Privacy Policy
## Cagetory: Policies

We collect and save certain information through our website, located at
ThruThink.com (our "[Website]{.underline}"), including through the
products and services provided at the Website and the *ThruThink®*
application ("System"). This page (this "[Privacy Policy]{.underline}")
lays out our policies and procedures surrounding the collection and
handling of such information that identifies an individual user or that
could be used to contact or locate him or her ("[Personally Identifiable
Information]{.underline}") and the data inputs made by the Customer into
the System ("Customer Data"). Together the Personally Identifiable
Information and Customer Data are called the secured data of the System
("Secured Data").

This Privacy Policy applies only to our Website and to the products and
services provided through our Website. It does not apply to any third
party site or service linked to our Website or recommended or referred
by our Website, through our products or services, or by our staff. And
it does not apply to any other website, product, or service operated by
our company, or to any of our offline activities.

**[A. What we collect]{.underline}**

**E-mail Address**

We collect only the e-mail address from those who subscribe to
communications from us through our Website and customers who purchase
subscriptions (including the one-time Quick Deal purchase) to the
*ThruThink®* application (System) or services along with the e-mail
addresses of their Sub Users. Upon creating an account with us, the
Customer and Sub Users will be required to create a password. We do not
have access to this password and the Customer will need to reset the
password if lost or forgotten.

**Partial Credit Card Information**

A purchase or subscription will require a payment from our Customers
which will require a credit card. We use a payment processing service
that will receive your Credit Card information. We do not have access to
your credit card information, but do receive notification of your
payment. Although we use credible industry accepted companies who are
PCI (Payment Card Industry) Service Provider Level 1 compliant to
provide this service, we have no control and have no responsibility over
the security of their sites and what they do with your information. Upon
request, we will provide you with the Credit Card payment processing
service that is currently being used by *ThruThink®*.

**Cookies**

We use "cookies" to collect certain information from all users,
including Web visitors who just visit and do not purchase a
subscription. A cookie is a string of data our Website sends to your
computer and then uses to identify your computer when you return to our
Website. For instance, when you return to our Website, cookies identify
you and prompt the site to provide your username (not your password), so
you can sign in more quickly.

Cookies give us usage data, like how often you visit, where you go at
the site, and what you do on our site and how long you spend on our
site. We collect information about your browser type and browser
version. In addition, we may also collect information such as your
computer\'s Internet Protocol address, however we have made efforts to
keep this information anonymous.

Cookies also allow our Website to remind you of upcoming subscription
renewals and to suggest similar products and services. Finally, we use
information gained through cookies to compile statistical information
about use of our Website, such as the time users spend at the site and
the pages they visit most often. To track the statistical information
for the Website analytics we use the Google Analytics and HotJar
services that monitor traffic on the Website and Google Analytics that
monitors traffic on the System. Those services track the visitor usage
information and patterns in order that we communicate effectively and
efficiently to our visitors.

Please refer to our [Cookie
Notification](https://www.thruthink.com/use-of-cookies) in our Website
for more specific detail about cookies on the Website and our System.

**[B. Our Use of Personally Identifiable Information]{.underline}**

Your e-mail address is the process that we use to identify you. We will
use that information to create your account and to communicate with you.
We will communicate to you about your subscription or Quick Deal
purchase, provide you updates about *ThruThink®,* provide interesting
articles and information on business and life issues, offer you
announcements or insights on additional products and services, and we
will contact you about renewing your subscription. We also use that
information to the extent necessary to enforce our Website terms of
service.

**[C. Customer Data]{.underline}**

We collect and save the Customer Data that the Customer inputs into the
System as a service to the Customer. Outside the Customers own use or
allowed use through their authorized sub users (see Terms of Service),
except as provided in Section E and F below, we will not share,
distribute or allow access to the Customer Data without the express
written permission from the Customer.

**[D. Chat Responses]{.underline}**

If a chat response is provided in the System, we will use an outside
vendor for that service. Chat dialog which will include the Users e-mail
address will be retained on the outside vendors server as well as on the
System\'s server. Except as provided in Section E and F below, to the
best of our knowledge, this information will not be shared or
distributed except that we may use suggestions or comments contained in
the chat dialog to improve the System or for using excerpts from the
chat dialog to promote the System as outlined in the Terms of Service.

**E[. Protection of Secured Data]{.underline}**

We do not employ any special security tools to protect unauthorized
gathering of your Secured Data. We employ a one way hash encryption
method to protect the password you create for your account which means
that we do not have access to your password. Your Secured Data will be
stored in a cloud based server provided by an independent storage
service. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee the security of your Secured
Data. By using our Website, you acknowledge and agree that we make no
such guarantee, and that you use our Website at your own risk.

**[F. Contractor and Other Third Party Access to Secured
Data]{.underline}**

The e-mail addresses for those who subscribe to the communication
service contained in our Website and for those who subscribe to the
System, are collected in databases that are controlled and managed by
the Website host and an outside service contracted for the System
(Contracted Outside Services). These are well established standard
services. Although we are not aware of any exposure of this information
to outside parties, we have no control over the actions of the
Contracted Outside Services. 

We give certain employees and independent contractor's access to your
Secured Data within the System. Those employees and contractors assist
us with System customer service, System maintenance, improvements and
new features as well as problem solving and new products. All those
employees and contractors are required to sign contracts in which they
promise to protect Secured Data. (Users are not third party
beneficiaries of those contracts.) We also may disclose Secured Data to
attorneys, collection agencies, or law enforcement authorities to
address potential Acceptable Use Policy violations, other contract
violations, or illegal behavior. And we disclose any information
demanded in a court order or otherwise required by law or to prevent
imminent harm to persons or property. Finally, we may share the Secured
Data in connection with a corporate transaction, like a merger or sale
of our company, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or
of the product or service line you received from us, or a bankruptcy.

As noted in Section A above and in Section I below, we compile Website
usage statistics from data collected through cookies. We may publish
those statistics or share them with third parties, but to the best of
our knowledge, they don't include any information that identifies
individual users.

Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not share the Secured
Data with third parties.

**[G. Persons under the age of 18]{.underline}**

We do not knowingly collect any information or receive payments from
persons under the age of 18 except for Classroom Accounts where persons
must be at least 16 years of age. For a Classroom Account, students may
sign up and pay fees either through their school or directly with the
Vendor for the use of the System.

**[H. Accessing, Correcting and Deleting Your Secured
Data]{.underline}**

For the Website, ([https://thruthink.com](https://thruthink.com/)), you
may contact us and we will remove your email from our mailing list and
site member data base and to the best of our ability, we will remove any
other Personally Identifiable Information from the Website.

For the *ThruThink®* application site
([https://app.thruthink.com](https://app.thruthink.com/)), you can
access and change any Personally Identifiable Information we store
through your "Account Page". You may change or delete the Customer Data
we store for your account by deleting the individual data or the entire
project in the System. Upon subscription expiration or cancellation, you
may contact us and we will remove your e-mail from the System, delete
your account and your Customer Data and to the best of our ability, we
will remove any other Personally Identifiable Information from the
System.

**[I. Amendment of This Privacy Policy]{.underline}**

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new version
on this page or on a successor page. The new version will become
effective on the date it's posted, which will be listed at the top of
the page as the new Effective Date.
