# Sub User Terms of Service
## Category: Policies

**PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING "ACCEPTED
AND AGREED TO," CUSTOMER AND SUB USER AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS.**

This Sub User Terms of Service provisions constitute an agreement (this
"[Agreement]{.underline}") by and between Business BrainScience LLC, a
Limited Liability Company and its members and shareholders as
individuals, whose principal place of business is Fresno, California
("[Vendor]{.underline}") and the corporation, LLC, partnership, sole
proprietorship, individual, or other entity who has previously executed
the Terms of Service Agreement for the System ("[Customer]{.underline}")
and the Clients, Employees or other individuals that use the Customers
access to the System ("Sub User"). The Customer's and Sub User\'s use of
and Vendor's provision of the *ThruThink*® website and the *ThruThink*®
business analysis platform (Vendor's System as defined below in Section
1.1 (*System*)) are governed by this Agreement.

The ability of the Customer to have Sub Users under their account will
be subject to and under the restrictions of the Customer\'s subscription
(Order).

Provided the Customer Order allows Sub Users, the Customer desires and
requests that the Sub User have access and use of the System under
Customers master account. To facilitate this, the Customer will give the
Sub User the access code to the Customers master account and the Sub
User will register as a Sub User under that Master Account.

This Agreement is effective as of the date the Sub User clicks "Accepted
and Agreed To" (the "[Effective Date]{.underline}"). By providing the
Sub User access to the Master Account, Customer agrees and is a party to
this agreement. In this regard, the Customer accepts and assumes all
responsibilities of the Sub User in this Agreement and indemnifies
Vendor against all claims or actions stemming from Sub Users use of the
System. Sub Users use of and Vendor's provision of the System are
governed by the Terms of Service previously accepted by the Customer and
this Agreement. If there are any conflicts between the two agreements,
the provisions of the Customer Terms of Service will prevail and for the
purposes of this Sub Users Agreement, \"Customer\" and \"User\" in the
Customers Terms of Service Agreement will be interchangeable and mean
the same as the \"Sub User\" identified in this Agreement. [Terms of
Service
Agreement](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Terms of Service.pdf)

By reference, the following policies are included as part of this
Agreement:

[Privacy
Policy](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink Privacy Policy.pdf)

[Acceptable Use Policy
(AUP)](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink AUP.pdf)

[Service Level Agreement
(SLA)](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink SLA.pdf)

[The SUB USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS SUB USERS AGREEMENT AS
WELL AS THE CUSTOMERS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDS BOTH
AGREEMENTS, AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THE SUB USERS TERMS
OF SERVICE AGREEMENT AND THE CUSTOMERS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT, AND
THAT THE PERSON ACCEPTING ON ITS BEHALF HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO DO SO.
THE PERSON ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT ON CUSTOMER'S BEHALF REPRESENTS THAT
HE OR SHE HAS THE AUTHORITY TO BIND CUSTOMER TO THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS.](https://app.thruthink.com/docs/ThruThink SLA.pdf)

1.  **[THE SYSTEM]{.underline}.**

    1.  [System]{.underline}. The System means the website ThruThink.com
        and the *ThruThink*® business analysis platform including its
        Documentation, components, design, software code, user
        interface, architecture, methodology, features, functions,
        formulas, calculations, charts, schematics and methods of
        analysis, business logic and reports generated by the System.

    2.  [Use of the System]{.underline}. During the Term, Sub User may
        access and use the System pursuant to: (a) the Customer\'s
        account being in good standing with the Vendor; (b) the Sub User
        continuing to have the Customers permission to use account; (c)
        the terms of any outstanding Customer Order, including such
        features and functions as the Order requires; and (d) Vendor's
        policies posted on its Website at ThruThink.com, as such
        policies may be updated from time to time.

    3.  [Documentation]{.underline}. The Documentation is solely for the
        use by the Customer and or the Sub User (Users) as necessary to
        support the User\'s use of the System. Any suggestions or advice
        contained in the Documentation is for the Users convenience and
        does not constitute advice or recommendations as to the outcome
        of the Users business.

    4.  [Chat Responses.]{.underline} The system may provide a Chat
        response system. If such a feature is provided, all Chat dialog
        responses from *ThruThink*® are for the Sub Users convenience
        and do not constitute advice or recommendations as to the
        outcome of the Customers or Sub Users business.

    5.  [System Revisions]{.underline}. Vendor may revise System
        features and functions or the SLA at any time, including without
        limitation by removing such features and functions or reducing
        service levels. If any such revision to the System materially
        reduces features or functionality provided pursuant to an Order,
        Customer may within 30 days of notice of the revision terminate
        such Order, without cause, or terminate this Agreement without
        cause if such Order is the only one outstanding. If any such
        revision to the SLA materially reduces service levels provided
        pursuant to an outstanding Order, the revisions shall not go
        into effect with respect to such Order until the start of the
        Term beginning 45 or more days after Vendor posts the revision
        and so informs Customer.

    6.  [Data Deletion]{.underline}. The System uses Sub User inputs and
        other Sub User data as defined in Section 4 (*Customer Data and
        Privacy*) of the Customer Terms of Service (Sub User Data).
        Vendor may permanently erase Sub Users Data if Customer's
        account is delinquent, suspended, or terminated for 30 days or
        more.

2.   **[WARRANTY DISCLAIMER]{.underline}**.

2.1 Except to the extent set forth in the SLA, SUB USER ACCEPTS THE
SYSTEM "AS IS" AND AS AVAILABLE, WITH NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
ACCURACY OR APPLICABILITY OF THE DOCUMETATION, OUTCOME OF CUSTOMERS OR
USERS BUSINESS OR DEAL, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM STATUTE,
COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. WITHOUT
LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING: (a) VENDOR HAS NO OBLIGATION
TO INDEMNIFY OR DEFEND SUB USER OR USERS AGAINST CLAIMS RELATED TO
INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; (b) VENDOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR
WARRANT THAT THE SYSTEM WILL PERFORM WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERROR; AND
(c) VENDOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SYSTEM IS SECURE FROM
HACKING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED INTRUSION OR THAT SUB USER DATA WILL
REMAIN PRIVATE OR SECURE.

[2.2 Forward Looking Projections]{.underline}. The System uses Customer
Data and presents calculations and resulting information in a forward
looking manner for up to a 20 year period including but not limited to
reports such as balance sheets, income statements, cash flows and other
financial information (Forward Looking Projections). Forward Looking
Projections are based on the Customer Data as entered by the User and
are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. There
are inherent risks in any business venture and the System only makes
calculations using the Customer Data and does not attempt to reflect the
inherent uncertainties and risks of the future. The Forward Looking
Projections are estimates and approximations and do not constitute
accounting services or advice. User accepts full responsibility for the
Forward Looking Projections and Vendor makes no representation,
warranties or guarantees about the outcome of Users business.

[2.3 *ThruThink Evaluation™* and *ThruThink Deal Score™*.]{.underline}
The System incorporates a *ThruThink Evaluation™* and *ThruThink Deal
Score™*. The evaluation and deal score involve proprietary formulas,
algorithms and concepts. They are based on the Customer Data and: (a)
incorporate the Forward Looking Projections described in Section 2.2
(*Forward Looking Projections*); (b) do not constitute investment advice
or opinions by the Vendor in any manner; and (c) do not provide or make
any representation, warranties or guarantees about the outcome or
suitability of Users business.

[2.4 Calculation Errors and Glitches]{.underline}. The System has
thousands of potential User Inputs. While the Vendor has performed
extensive testing, there is an infinite amount of combinations that
could be made with the User Inputs and there is a risk that there may be
calculation errors or glitches within the System. The User acknowledges
and assumes this risk by agreeing to this Agreement and as such accepts
that the Vendors liability for any calculation error or glitch is
limited by the provisions in Section 3.1 (*Dollar Cap*) below.

3.   **[LIMITATION OF LIABILITY]{.underline}.**

    1.  [Dollar Cap]{.underline}. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
        LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE VENDOR'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR
        RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE REMAINING AMOUNT OF THE
        CURRENT SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID BY THE CUSTOMER PRORATED BY THE
        REMAINING AMOUNT OF THE SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD. IF THERE IS NO
        REMAINING SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD OR IN THE CASE OF THE QUICK DEAL,
        THE DOLLAR CAP IS ZERO.

    2.  [Exclusion of Consequential Damages]{.underline}. IN NO EVENT
        WILL VENDOR BE LIABLE TO SUB USER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
        INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT
        OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

    3.  [Clarifications & Disclaimers]{.underline}. THE LIABILITIES
        LIMITED BY THIS SECTION 3 (*Limitation of Liability*) APPLY: (a)
        TO LIABILITY FOR VENDORS NEGLIGENCE; (b) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM
        OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY,
        OR OTHERWISE; (c) EVEN IF VENDOR IS ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE
        POSSIBILITY OF THE DAMAGES IN QUESTION AND EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES
        WERE FORESEEABLE; AND (d) EVEN IF SUB USER'S REMEDIES FAIL OF
        THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. If applicable law limits the
        application of the provisions of this Section 3 (*Limitation of
        Liability*), Vendor's liability will be limited to the maximum
        extent permissible. For the avoidance of doubt, Vendor's
        liability limits and other rights set forth in this Section 3
        (*Limitation of Liability*) apply likewise to Vendor's
        affiliates, licensors, suppliers, advertisers, agents, sponsors,
        directors, officers, members, shareholders, employees,
        consultants, and other representatives.

4.  **[AMENDMENT]{.underline}**. Vendor may amend this Agreement from
    time to time by posting an amended version at its Website
    \"Amendment Date\". Such amendment will be deemed accepted upon the
    Customer or Sub Users continued use of the Service after the
    Amendment Date unless Customer first gives Vendor written notice of
    rejection of the amendment. In the event of such rejection, the
    Customer may terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 11 (*Term
    and Termination*) of the Customers Terms of Service. Customer or Sub
    Users continued use of the Service following the Amendment Date of
    an amendment, will confirm Customer and Sub Users consent thereto.
    This Agreement may not be amended in any other way except through a
    written agreement by authorized representatives of the Vendor and
    the Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
    Section 4 (*Amendment*), Vendor may revise the Privacy Policy and
    Acceptable Use Policy at any time by posting a new version of either
    at the Website, and such new version will become effective on the
    date it is posted.
