# Capital Gain
## Category: Taxes
All Capital Gains in the *ThruThink* analysis are considered Long Term Capital Gains representing the sale of assets held longer than one year.
The Capital Gains rate is used for calculating the tax on the Gain on Sale of Assets by the Company and for items that apply to the individual Equity Owners such as their receipt of Performance Note principal payments and the individual Equity Owners after tax Equity Returns from an Exit Sale of the Company. Net Income from these items are all assumed to be Capital Gain.
The sale of assets are recorded by entering a negative number on the Step 7 Capital Expenditures (CapEx) page. See Help - Capital Expenditures. A negative number entered should reflect the net Book Value (after deduction for depreciation) for the asset sold. All proceeds from an asset sale will decrease the Asset Class (ex: all assets booked as Machinery & Equipment) value. Accumulated Depreciation will be adjusted automatically by formula calculation. (See Help - Cap Ex). When the Asset Class is reduced to zero, excess proceeds up to the amount of the accumulated depreciation for that Asset Class will be considered as depreciation recapture and be taxed as Ordinary Income. After the Asset Class is reduced to zero, excess proceeds that exceed the Accumulated Depreciation for the Asset Class prior to the sale, will be considered as Long Term Capital Gain.
An Adjusting Journal Entry (AJE) may be made to Capital Gain Income in any year of the Horizon Period to record a Capital Gain for an asset sale prior to the asset class being reduced to zero.
Since the effect of all asset sales entered through the Step 7 Capital Expenditures (CapEx) page are incorporated net book value to the Asset Class, Gains or Losses on the sale of assets are booked with an Adjusting Journal Entry (AJE) to Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets in any year of the Horizon Period.
A Long Term Capital Loss will not be applied to Ordinary Income and will carry forward to succeeding years and applied to future Capital Gains.
