# Deferred Tax
## Category: Taxes
Deferred Tax Expense is generated from the difference between the depreciation expense as calculated on a Book Depreciation basis vs. Tax Depreciation Basis.
Deferred Tax Liability is generated from the difference between accrual basis tax calculations and the taxes paid, if taxes are calculated on a cash basis as well as from the tax impact of the difference between Book Depreciation and Tax Depreciation. Deferred Tax Liability may also be generated from an Existing Company beginning balance or a User generated Adjusting Journal Entry.
The User may choose to pay tax on a cash or accrual basis, but the Income Statement will use the accrual based tax as an expense. If the User chooses to pay tax on a cash basis, the difference between the accrual tax and the cash basis tax will be reflected as a Deferred Tax Liability.
The User may choose to use different depreciation inputs for Book vs. Tax purposes. The Accrual Income Statement uses Book Depreciation as the depreciation expense. If Tax Depreciation is greater than the Book Depreciation, a deferred tax expense is generated on the difference as the tax paid on taxable net income is less than the accrual net income. This deferred tax expense will become a Deferred Tax Liability on the Balance Sheet.
When the Tax Depreciation is greater than the Book Depreciation, the Tax Depreciation expense will "run" out before the Book Depreciation which will cause the Taxable net income to be greater than the Accrual Net Income and generate more tax expense than that showed on the Accrual Income Statement. As this happens, the Deferred Tax Liability on the Balance Sheet will be reduced when the Book Depreciation becomes greater than the Tax Depreciation.
The User may not enter a depreciation life for book depreciation that is less than for tax that would cause a Deferred Tax Liability credit (negative liability), however, AJE's may be made to the Deferred Tax Liability account in the Balance Sheet, which may include a Tax Credit (negative liability) or Deferred Tax Liability.
If the Beginning Existing Company Balance Sheet is involved, it may contain a beginning tax credit. If this exists, the credit will be used on the first available tax owed.
If a tax credit is generated from an AJE, the credit will also be used on the first available tax owed, or it can be reduced by another AJE.
If on the Beginning Existing Company Balance Sheet, the Equity Adjustment option is used and the User selected the adjustment to be subject to income tax, the tax will be Ordinary Income Tax and can be paid by a User generated Adjusting Journal Entry.
