# Company Debt - Thoughts to Consider
## Category: Transaction Details
The amount of Debt, Interest Rate and repayment terms a Company can carry will depend on the Earnings before Interest, Taxes Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) and the EBITDA performance of the Company going forward.
After the User inputs Steps 1-8, the User can review the Cash Flow Control and adjust the future performance of EBITDA to reflect expectations. The debt carry capacity can be determined at this point by observing both the Net Income and Cash Flow. If the net income is sufficiently stable and growing, but the Cash Flow is unacceptable, among other things, the debt repayment terms might be able to be adjusted to lengthen the time required to repay the principal or more cash equity may be indicated (less debt) or the purchase price of the Company can be adjusted.
If on the other hand, after reviewing the Net Income and Cash Flow, the Net Income is not sufficient and the Cash Flow is unacceptable, the EBITDA expectations can be reviewed or the entire deal structure can be adjusted (Purchase Price, Debt Structure and/or Equity structure).
### Assumption of Seller Debt
Assuming the Sellers debt can be a way of providing the Seller a greater purchase price and the Buyer not having to come up with more cash or additional outside debt financing. This is only a tool for the Buyer, as the assumed Seller debt is debt and will require repayment just as outside debt. The only difference is it may be easier for the Buyer to acquire (and possibly cheaper?) than outside debt. Care should be taken by the Buyer however, to fully understand the terms, security and obligations of the Seller Debt. This debt may carry onerous conditions such as the note holder having the right to buy the Company's products at a fixed price or the Company is obligated to buy products from the Note holder at a fixed (above market) price. Buyer beware!
