# Purchasing a Portion of the Company
## Category: Transaction Details
When the Equity holders in the Deal are only purchasing a portion of the equity of the Company being purchased, the assets of the purchased company can not be used to fund debt for the Transaction nor can new debt be added to the purchased company as a result of the Transaction. When only a portion of the Company is being purchased, the funds transfer will be outside the Company between the Seller and the Buyer. In this manner the integrity of the old equity holders position in the company is maintained.
### Purchasing a Portion of the Company
When the Equity holders in the Deal are only purchasing a portion of the equity of the Company being purchased, the assets of the purchased company can not be used to fund debt for the Transaction nor can new debt be added to the purchased company as a result of the Transaction. When only a portion of the Company is being purchased, the funds transfer will be outside the Company between the Seller and the Buyer. In this manner the integrity of the old equity holders position in the company is maintained.
### Tax Calculations
The Tax Rate Schedule is for the convenience of the User. Any default entries are very general in nature. This schedule and the User Inputs should only represent generalized tax rates to provide an estimated expense for income taxes. These rates should be updated by the User for any specific year, country, state or region.
Income Tax Expense in the Income Statement and the Liability for the Income Taxes Due in the Balance Sheet are calculated on the Accrual Basis. The User may choose to pay taxes on a Cash Basis and the cash tax payments will be calculated and paid accordingly. The Cash Flow Control will reflect the Taxes paid.
There are two types of Income Tax intended as a Federal or Country Income Tax and a State or Region Income Tax.
The income tax calculations in this analysis are not intended to reflect actual tax computations based on any tax code. They are intended to give only a very general indication or estimate of tax expense using the rates indicated on the Tax Rate page as applied to basic unadjusted net gains from a sale or net income from operations as defined in this analysis. A tax specialist should be consulted using the appropriate tax code for a more specific estimate of the tax expense or liability on any individual situation.
For each type of tax, the Tax Rate Input page allows for up to seven graduated taxable income levels. For simplicity, the default is just one tax level for all taxable net income. The User may adjust accordingly.
The *ThruThink* analysis will apply the rates shown in the Tax Rate Input page to the Taxable Net Income calculated by the analysis for the future years. The Taxable Net Income is a basic generalized assessment of Taxable Net Income using EBITDA less Interest paid less the Tax basis depreciation and amortization expense as set up in the *ThruThink* analysis by the User.
The actual tax calculated for any given year (Taxable Year) will be expensed in the Taxable Year.
For Cash Flow purposes, there are estimated tax payments paid during the Taxable Year on a quarterly basis in Period 4, 6, 9 and 12 of the Taxable Year. Actual taxes are then calculated for the Taxable Year and paid in Period 4 of the following year with a credit taken for the estimated payments paid during the Taxable Year.
At the end of the Taxable Year there will be an Income Tax Liability for the difference between the Taxes Owed and the estimated tax payments made during the Taxable Year.
With *ThruThink*, there is a provision to apply Net Operating Losses (NOL) from previous years to the Taxable Income of the Taxable Year. Please see separate Help Topic for Net Operating Loss carry forward.
