# How to use the Transaction Sheet in a Deal Structure
## Category: Transaction Details
The Transaction Sheet is separated into three parts, the Transaction Deal, the Deal Structure and the Buyers and Sellers Statement from the Transaction.
### Transaction Deal Page
The Transaction Deal page lists the Sales and EBITDA for which the Deal is Based and the Purchase Price for the transaction.
### Transaction Deal Structure
The Deal Structure Page lists the sources of funds that will be used to complete the transaction.
### Buyers and Sellers Statement
The Buyers and Sellers Statement is a summary of the sources and uses of funds and assets purchased in the Transaction.
### Purchase the Target Company
When purchasing the Target Company, the Target Company's sales, EBITDA, purchase price and assets of the Target Company as well as the acquisition debt or additional debt required (see below) for the acquisition of the Target Company are entered on the Transaction Sheet through the Transaction Sheet input pages. The Equity  Structure for the ownership of the Target Company is entered in Step 8 for the purchase and will flow to the Transaction Sheet.
After the acquisition, all the assets of the Target Company and the debt and equity used to purchase the Target Company from the Transaction Sheet will be rolled into the post closing Balance Sheet.
### Purchase the Existing Company
When purchasing the Existing Company, the Existing Company's Sales, EBITDA, Assets and Liabilities are entered on the Existing Company Input Sheet and the Purchase Price, Acquisition Debt or additional debt required (see below) for the acquisition of the Existing Company is using the Transaction Sheet options in Step 3, 5 and 6. The Equity Structure for the purchase is entered through Step 8 and will flow to the Transaction Sheet.
When purchasing the Existing Company, the Debt and Equity required to acquire the Existing Company should be entered on the Transaction Sheet. This is new acquisition debt as well as new Existing Company debt (after the Effective Date). In this manner, for example, if there are assets at the Existing Company that can be used for additional debt after the Effective Date, the additional debt should be entered on the Transaction Sheet and those proceeds as well as Equity Debt and or the Contributions from outside Equity will become part of the capital structure assembled to acquire the Existing Company. After the acquisition, all the debt and equity from both the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company will be rolled into the post closing Balance Sheet.
### Existing Company Purchases the Target Company
When the Existing Company is purchasing the Target Company, the Transaction Sheet option is used for the Target Company Information and the Existing Company option is used for the Existing Company in Steps 3, 5 and 6. The Existing Company must be listed (using exact Existing Company name) as one of the Equity Partner Groups through the Equity inputs in Step 8. Any cash required of the Existing Company as an Equity Group will be taken from the cash listed on the Existing Company Input page. If there is not enough cash in the Existing Company's balance sheet, the Existing Company Equity Group cash contribution above the cash shown on the Existing Company Balance Sheet will not be allowed as a cash input on the Transaction Sheet Equity input.
Because information from the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company Sheet are combined into the post Closing (Effective Date) Balance Sheet, if the Existing Company is purchasing the Target Company both the Sales and EBITDA information entered in Step 3 for the Existing Company and the Target Company will become the base information going forward as of the close of escrow or the Effective Date. Care should be taken not to duplicate and Sales or EBITDA information between the Target Company and the Existing Company.
As noted above in purchasing the Existing Company, when the Existing Company is Purchasing the Target Company, if there are assets at the Existing Company that can be used for additional debt to acquire the Target Company, the additional debt should be entered using the Transaction Sheet option and the proceeds will become part of the capital structure assembled to acquire the Target Company. The Transaction Sheet Debt will be combined with the Existing Company Debt after the Effective Date (Acquisition Date). The additional debt the Existing Company raises on its own assets as well as the assets of the Target Company and equity debt/contributions from the Equity Groups to provide cash to purchase the Target Company can be seen on the Information Tab Transaction Views through the Transaction Deal Structure  and Transaction Buyers and Sellers Statement.
### Company Asset Value - Thoughts to Consider
If the Company has limited current profitability and the future profitability is dependent primarily on what the Buyer will contribute, then the purchase price of the Company should more closely reflect the net liquidation value of the Company's hard assets. On the other hand, if the value of the assets exceed the Purchase Price, then the Purchase Price should be adjusted to reflect the Net Liquidation Value of the assets or split the Company purchase to be (1) Buyer purchase of the business value and (2) liquidation of excess assets by either the Seller or Buyer depending on the situation.
The Seller should receive the greater of the Business Value of the Company (EBITDA Multiple) or Net Liquidation Value of the Company's assets. Using Net Liquidation Value, it should be considered that a used asset value will usually reflect discounts for specialized use, excessive time to liquidate, condition of the asset, cost of removal, cost of reinstallation and the value of new replacement . It is not uncommon to have Liquidation Values for some assets be 10-20% of the original cost of the asset. Of course, in some unique cases where the cost of new replacement has significantly increased from the original cost of the Company asset, the Company asset may retain it's original cost value. This will generally be the exception however.
