# Accrual Basis
## Category: Accrual
The Accrual Basis method of accounting, recognizes income in the month a sale or income is made and expenses in the month the expense is incurred vs. the Cash Basis method of accounting that recognizes income and expense in the month that it was received and/or paid. This is a very significant difference. The Accrual Method is generally considered the most accurate way to look at the financial performance of a business. The *ThruThink* analysis presents the User Inputs on an Accrual  Basis. Where the User Inputs require an annual number in a certain year, the User should enter the amount incurred in that given year and not the amount received or paid.
The amounts incurred but not received or paid is reflected as Accounts Receivable and or Accounts Payable.
Inventory is expensed when it is used. Cash Flow reflects automatic purchases and usage governed by User Inputs for Weeks of Inventory on hand and % of Expenses that actually go into Inventory.
There are default inputs for Weeks for Collection for Accounts Receivable, Days for Payment for Accounts Payable and Weeks of Inventory that are applied to the annual accrual Income and expense amounts entered which automatically create Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable and Inventory balances from the Users annual inputs. The User may adjust the Weeks for Collection or Days for Payment to adjust the Accounts Receivable or Accounts Payable accordingly as well as the Weeks of Inventory for the Inventory balance.
There are Individually Scheduled Item inputs for Income, Expenses, Inventory Usage and Purchases and Capital Expenditures. The User may enter specific Total amounts and the actual months for collection or payments for Income, Expenses, Inventory purchases and General Expenses as well as Capital Expenditures and Non Expense cash flow such as withdrawals or contributions.
For tax purposes, the User may indicate if taxes should be paid on an Accrual or Cash basis. If the User selects Cash Basis for taxes, the Income Statement will still be on an accrual basis with accrual based taxes as an expense, but the cash flow will reflect the Cash Basis tax payments. Any difference between the Accrual Basis taxes and the Cash Basis taxes will be shown on the Balance Sheet as a Deferred Liability when Cash Basis taxes are less than Accrual Basis taxes or as a Deferred Asset when Cash Basis taxes are higher than Accrual Basis taxes.
