# Adjusting Journal Entries
## Category: Adjusting Journal Entries
### AJE Warning
*Using the Adjusting Journal Entry provision requires a significant knowledge of accounting concepts including the effect of debits and credits.*
When making AJE's, test the impact of the AJE by carefully checking the results including the impact on cash and Income/Expense.
The AJE provision in this analysis is for the User's convenience. There are infinite combinations of AJE inputs and pre-checking for all possible outcomes becomes impossible, therefore unexpected outcomes or even errors could possibly occur when using the AJE function.
All Adjusting Journal entries will occur in month 12 of the applicable year.
There are limited accounts that are available for an AJE entry. Review the list of available items on the bottom portion of the AJE Input page. Find the Item Entry Number for the desired item and input the number into the AJE Input page and make the desired Debit or Credit entry.
Entries in the input area for each year will directly effect cash. Inserting a positive number will increase the specific balance sheet account, reduce or use Cash (which will reduce Equity) and have no effect on Income or Expense (to effect income and expense, see below). Inserting a negative number will reduce the balance sheet account and increase cash. For an AJE to Equity Draws for instance, a positive number input (debit) to Equity Draw would be a decrease in Equity and result in a decrease (Credit) to Cash. Alternatively, a negative number input (credit) to Equity Draw would be a increase in Equity and result to a increase (debit) to Cash. The latter would be an Equity contribution.** Any entry without an Item # listed however will create an Error in the analysis.**
### Assets
To adjust assets, insert a negative number for a reduction of the asset. This will assume that the asset was liquidated for cash. If no cash was collected or there was a difference between the asset reduction and cash collected (gain or loss), insert a corresponding number as an Income or Expense which will adjust cash and income or expense for the gain or loss. Use positive number for an Expense (loss) and a negative number for Income (gain).
If a depreciable asset account is adjusted, it is assumed that the asset was adjusted at the beginning of the year and the annual depreciation expense for that year will be adjusted in the % of the asset being adjusted to total assets and net income and income taxes will change accordingly.
When an asset is purchased, use the Capital Expenditures Input page to input the purchase. When an asset is sold, an AJE may be used to reduce the original cost of the asset (using a negative number) and if the sale price is larger, the difference between the sale price and the cost (prior to depreciation) as a negative number as Income, or if the sale price is less than the cost, a positive number as an Expense. The accumulated depreciation will be adjusted proportionately to the % that item cost is to the total cost. This is an approximation as the actual period the asset was placed in service (if different than the beginning of period 1) is not available by the calculations (asset purchases may be entered by the user in varying periods and the calculations can not anticipate these variations). The annual depreciation will be adjusted upward in accordance with the period the asset was purchased and downward with the period the asset was removed.
### Liabilities
To adjust liabilities enter a positive number for a reduction of the liability. Like the asset adjustment, if the effect on cash is not the same as the change in the liability (for liabilities, a reduction in a liability account will mean a corresponding reduction in cash), insert a corresponding number as an Income or Expense which will adjust cash and income or expense for the gain or loss. Use positive number for an Expense (loss) and a negative number for Income (gain). Examples: (1) to write off an asset of $1,000,000, insert -1,000,000 for the asset and 1,000,000 for Expense. (2) to write off a liability of $500,000, insert 500,000 for the liability and -500,000 for Income.
### Income or Expense
If a balance sheet item adjustment effects Income or Expense, a corresponding entry with the item # for Income or the Item # for Expense using an opposite sign from the Balance Sheet Item AJE.
AJE's to an income or expense is made as a AJE to general Income/Expense is used which will show up as a debit or positive number for an expense or a credit or negative number for income adjustment to Other Income - Expense on the Income Statement. Income tax calculations will reflect this adjustment to Income/Expenses.
Any change in income or expense through an AJE without a corresponding opposite entry will have a direct offset to cash in the current year.
Income taxes are calculated on the accrual basis and are an expense in the year they are incurred and paid with estimated taxes during the taxable year and finalized in Period 4 of the following year.
An AJE may be made specifically to income tax expense. A change to Income Tax expense through an AJE without a corresponding opposite entry will have a direct offset to cash in the current year.
When using Income or Expense AJE's, if an offset to A/P or Accrued Interest is used along with it, on the cash basis, there will be no cash or tax effect. On the accrual basis, taxes will be adjusted and the cash will be adjusted by the net after tax effect. When using Income or Expense without another balance sheet account, it is considered a cash transaction and the offset is the tax expense and the net cash for both Cash and Accrual basis.
### AJE's to a Note Receivable or Loan
When making an AJE to a loan, an AJE that makes the loan balance become negative (debit balance) is not allowed. If an AJE is made to one of the Specifically Scheduled Note Receivables, or Specifically Scheduled Loans (Scheduled Item) during the term of the note or loan, the resulting note or loan balance will continue to be collected or paid down with the same payments identified in the note or loan set up table. Any remaining principal outstanding at the end of the term will be automatically collected or paid in the final term. An AJE is not allowed to be made before a Scheduled Item is set to begin or on or after the year it is scheduled to be paid off. For the Interest only types of Notes or Loans (#0 or#3 type), the AJE amount will create a new balance and the interest will be automatically received or paid at the rate for the original note or loan. A subsequent AJE will then need to be made to reduce the principal balance. For an amortized or principal plus interest note receivable or loan (#1 or #2 type), an AJE made after the original term is expired will be automatically collected or paid off in the next period including interest for that period.
### Non Cash Items
AJE's can be made to a (Gain) Loss on Sale account that will be a non cash item. This is mainly to adjust for a non cash Loss on the sale of assets. Actual gain in the sale of an asset that is a cash item should be made to Other Income/Expense.
### Non Expense Cash Flow
Income and expense AJE's will flow to individual accounts and be accounted for both in the Income Statement and the Cash Flow Control. Non Income and Expense AJE items can either flow to the individual account such as many of the debt items. Those that do not flow to individual accounts will be collected in total and flow to the Cash Flow Control and Sources and Uses of Cash as Non Expense Cash Flow AJE Items in Total. These are summarized at the bottom of the Summary AJE Input page.
