# Other Current Asset
## Category: Assets
Other Current Asset is considered short term collectable within 12 months and can be reported with two methods; 1) a general category of Other Current Asset can be reported for the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company and 2) more detailed information with interest rate and payment timming may be reported on the Individually Scheduled Other Current Asset input forms.
The User may make a manual input on the Other Current Asset using the Cash Flow Control page for unique annual activity. All Cash Flow Control adjustments will be 1st applied to the Individually Scheduled portion of the Other Current Asset activity and then the remainder to the general category of Other Current Asset.
The general category of Other Current Asset inputs on the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company asset input forms are for general miscellaneous assets due within 12 months. It is non-interest bearing and can only be adjusted in future years by the adjustment on the Cash Flow Control or an Adjusting Journal Entry to that account. For interest bearing items for the Existing Company, the User can use the Individually Scheduled Item form, as described below.
The Individually Scheduled Other Current Asset Items are interest bearing and will be automatically collected in the month indicated in the next fiscal year period unless annually renewed (see Annual Renewal below). If no month is indicated and it is not renewed, it will be collected in month 12. This type of asset is generally short term investments to be collected within 12 months. The Individual Scheduled Items can be applied to either the Transaction Sheet for the Target Company or directly to the Existing Company during the beginning asset setup for either the Target Company or Existing Company. The month selection will only apply during years 1-3.
All activity for the General Other Current Assets on the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company will take place at the end of the indicated year.
### Annual Renewal
For the Transaction Sheet Input, if "Yes" is selected in the Annual Renewal Box, the Other Current Asset balance will be renewed each year of the Horizon Period and will not be automatically received. It will still be considered a short term asset but renewed each year.
Annual renewals are made on the Other Current Asset Balance Detail page and those annual renewal selections will override the Transaction Sheet selection described above. If "Yes" is selected in the Annual Renewal Box on the Current Asset Balance Detail page for any of the years, the Other Current Asset balance for both the Transaction Sheet and the Individual Scheduled Other Current Asset amounts will be renewed and will not be automatically received in the renewal year selected. It will still be considered a short term asset but renewed each year.
Turning renewals on or off will only effect the Interest Bearing Portion as the Non Interest Portion is automatically renewed until adjusted with an Adjusting Journal Entry (AJE) see below.
If only a portion of the Other Current Asset is to be renewed, the User can make a manual payment on the Other Current Asset using the Cash Flow Control page for that portion of the asset that is not renewed.
This asset is represented on the Balance Sheet under Current Assets even if renewed every year. It will be considered due within 12 months at all times.
### Repayment or Draws
Collections or Advances for the Other Current Assets can be made manually by the User by making receipt or advance for this asset using the Cash Flow Control page. Additionally, an AJE may be made by the User adjusting the balance of the general category of the Other Current Asset through the Adjusting Journal Entry process.
Advances made to the Other Current Asset category using the Cash Flow Control page are applied to the Individually Scheduled Other Asset category and will occur at the end of the indicated year and accrue interest and be collected in the same manner as the average of all the Individually Scheduled Other Current Asset items in the indicated year. If there are no Individually Scheduled Asset items, the advance will be paid off with no interest at the end of the year indicated unless renewed as described above.
If this asset is due in a period longer than 12 months from the Effective Date, the User should choose the long term Note/Securities category for this asset. In this manner, this asset will be then considered a Long Term Asset on the Balance Sheet.
### General Other Current Asset - Non-Interest Bearing Portion
The general category of Other Current Assets for both the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company do not accrue interest.
The General Other Current Asset, non-interest bearing category can be used for non Accounts Receivable type of items that can be entered in a lump sum amount. This may be useful since Accounts Receivable is not necessarily a direct User Input but calculated from sales activity based on User Input factors.
Items such as Prepaid Expenses can be represented on this page and adjusted with Adjusting Journal Entries going forward.
### Adjusting Journal Entries (AJE)
An AJE may be made only to Other Current Assets will only effect the General Other Current Asset category but will only effect the general category of Other Current Asset and not effect the Individually Scheduled Other Current Asset amounts. All AJE activity will take place at the end of the year.
**An AJE entry to this account will directly effect cash but will have no effect on income/expenses or tax calculations either cash basis or accrual basis. Because inputs to this account will effect cash, the User will need to be careful to insure that this is the intended effect. An AJE to another Account with the opposite sign may need to be made to offset this cash effect.**
The cash flow impact of an AJE to Other Current Asset will be contained in the Non-Expense Adjusting Journal Entry cash flow line item in the Cash Flow Control form.
