# Accounts Receivable
## Category: Assets
Accounts Receivables are generated when sales are made to customers without receiving the cash for the sale. With Accrual accounting, a sale is booked when the Customer purchases or takes delivery of the item or product regardless if the Customer has paid for the sale. The sale then becomes an obligation from the Customer and that obligation from the Customer to pay the Company for the item or product purchased becomes the Account Receivable.
Accounts Receivables are aged by how old they are from the point of sale. This is often expressed in categories such as; Less than 30 days, 30-60 days, 60-90 days and Over 90 days.
Accounts Receivables are often pledged as Collateral for an Accounts Receivable Loan. It is common for a Loan to Value for an Accounts Receivable Loan to be 50%-80% of the Accounts Receivables less than 60 days old. Accounts Receivables over 60 days are often considered ineligible.
### Accounts Receivable Aging Calculations
The basis for these calculations are the User Inputs for Ave Weeks to Collect the Accounts Receivable.
For beginning A/R invoices 0-30 Days old, the indicated % of invoices that are 0-30 Days has been calculated by dividing a standard 4 weeks for 0-30 Day category by weighted average of the User Inputs for the beginning A/R Weeks Outstanding by category for the total A/R. Collection of the beginning A/R will start in week #1 and be collected evenly over the weeks indicated.
For new sales invoices 0-30 Days old, the indicated % of invoices that are 0-30 Days has been calculated by dividing a standard 4 weeks for 0-30 Day category by User Input for the Future Ave Weeks Outstanding for the total A/R. Collection of the A/R will start in the week indicated and be collected evenly over the weeks indicated.
The A/R sales invoices 30-60 Days old calculation is the left over calculation after 0-30 has been set and over 60 (Loan Reserve) has been set. The Days to Collect for 30-60 day invoices are simply the # of days that are required to make the average between the three categories match the Average Weeks to Carry for the total A/R. This number will not go to a negative and in such cases will become zero.
For beginning A/R sales invoices 30-60 Days, the indicated % of beginning A/R will start collection in week #1 and be collected evenly over the weeks indicated. For new sales invoices 30-60 Days old, the indicated % will start collection in week indicated and be collected evenly over the weeks indicated.
There is a default maximum for the Wks to begin Collection for 30-60 Day old sales of 8 weeks. The lesser of the Default Max or the calculated amount will be used.
For beginning A/R sales invoices Over 60 Days, the indicated % of beginning A/R will start collection in week #1 and be collected evenly over the weeks indicated.
For new sales invoices, the Over 60 Day category will be made up of the Loan Reserve amounts, the indicated % will start collection in week indicated and be collected evenly over the weeks indicated. The week to start collection for the Over 60 Day invoices will be calculated with the Ave Weeks for the Total A/R as an overriding factor, for example, if the Ave Weeks for the total A/R is 4 weeks, then the Over 60 Day category can not be more than 4 weeks.
### Accounts Receivable - Change in Cash
#### Cash is Used:
Income is reported in the calculations when Sales are made (not necessarily collected). Accounts Receivable (AR) are generated when sales are made (Income) and not received in cash. Using the AR Asset Input page, the User can input the factors that will govern the weeks to collect the cash from a sale from 0 to 52 Weeks (Accounts Receivable - Future Terms Set-Up).
Expenses are recognized when they are incurred, but not necessarily paid. When inventory is built or manufactured, cash is used but it will not be recognized as an expense until it is sold (COGS). The Inventory Asset Input page will allow the User to indicate how long the inventory will be carried until sold from 0 - 52 Weeks (Wks to Hold).
As AR's are collected and Inventory is sold, the AR and Inventory loans will be paid down by the amount of the AR collection and Inventory being used.
#### Cash is Generated:
As AR's are collected cash is received which does not create income. The collection of AR includes the conversion of the inventory to cash.
As new AR's are generated and new Inventory is purchased or manufactured, the AR and Inventory loans will increase as indicated by the terms of the AR and Inventory loans set up by the User in the Debt Input pages and by inputs in the Accounts Receivable - Future Terms Set-Up  and the Inventory - Future Terms Set-Up .
#### If EBITDA Override is in effect:
If the User has chosen to override Sales and Cost of Goods Sold with a direct EBITDA override, the Accounts Receivable and Inventory balance will be the prior year ending balance less any current year write-offs, therefore there will be no change in Cash required due to changes in A/R, Inventory or A/P except for the current years write off's of A/R and Inventory. There are no AJE's available for A/R or Inventory however adjustments can be made using the Write Off process. See Transaction Sheet Asset Input for AR and Inventory Write Off inputs.
