# Cash-Beginning Working Capital
## Category: Cash
Beginning Working Capital Cash is the amount of cash required for working capital at the close of escrow or the Point of Reference Date (Effective Date).
The amount of this number is highly influenced by the cash flow generated by the Company prior to the Effective Date. If the Company has a good predictable stable monthly cash flow, this number can be lower. If on the other hand the Company is a Start Up, has a history of minimal or negative cash flow, the amount Beginning Working Capital Cash required will be larger.
The Beginning Working Capital Cash will become a requirement of cash along with the other cash requirements of the purchase escrow and will be a Use of Cash that determines the amount of Debt and Equity required to complete the Company purchase.
To determine the amount of Beginning Working Capital Cash required, complete the inputs into the *ThruThink* analysis without the Beginning Working Capital Cash and check the cash flow results for the foreseeable future years. If the Cash Balance is or becomes minimal or negative but recovers after an appropriate period of time, this will be a guide for the amount of Working Capital Cash required which will indicate the Beginning Working Capital Cash number.
If the Cash Balance is minimal or negative over a sustained period of time, the User should reconsider the underlying Sales/ EBITDA performance of the Company, the debt structure, the amount of Equity or a combination of all of those factors to see if the deal structure or the deal itself makes sense.
