# EBITDA Multiple
## Category: EBITDA
Earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) reflects the Company's operating performance prior to the effect of interest, taxes and non cash expenses of depreciation and amortization and is commonly used as a measure of a Company's true performance from its operations.
Because interest is often a factor of the debt structure that is a separate (but related) issue from the earnings capability of the Company, taxes are assumed to be driven from the earnings of the Company and not part of the operations and depreciation and amortization are non cash expenses and at best, a guess as to the actual loss in value of fixed assets over time and use, EBITDA is a good indication of earnings from operations of the Company.
For Companies with a substantial investment in highly actual depreciable assets, care should be used to make sure that expenses for repairs reflect an appropriate amount to keep the assets in good condition and Capital Expenditures (CapEx) should be included in the Cash Flow Control Input area to represent an adequate asset replacement schedule. The assumption is that between the repair expense and the CapEx, the contribution value of the assets to operating earnings are maintained or improved.
### EBITDA Multiple used as indication of Economic Value
After the Company's EBITDA is determined, the economic value of the operations  of the Company is often expressed as a multiple of the Company's EBITDA. Generally this ranges from a low multiple of 2-3 to a high multiple of over 10 (for private companies). The actual multiple used is determined by how stable the present EBITDA is going forward given a certain risk level. If there is a good case that the EBITDA will increase substantially going forward at an acceptable risk level, then a higher multiple is justified. If on the other hand, the EBITDA growth is declining, a lower multiple is justified or the risk of EBITDA volatility is relatively high, the multiple should be lower.
### EBITDA Multiple used as the Exit Strategy Value
EBITDA Multiples for a Market Value Sale of the Company can be set with the Step 7 - Exit Strategy Input page. The Exit Strategy page will allow the User to indicate a market value EBITDA Multiple as well as a Direct Market Value and exclude from the Market Value Sale certain asset categories on the Balance Sheet such as A/R, Inventory, Notes Receivable, Equipment or Real Estate.
An EBITDA Multiple can be set for one individual year at a time or for each year the balance of the Horizon Years. Using the EBITDA Multiple method of valuation provides an easy measure of value on an ongoing basis as it automatically reflects the performance of the company.
The Step 7 - Exit Strategy page indicates a Breakeven EBITDA Multiple. This is an estimated calculation to represent returning the Equity Groups investment. It is calculated by using the value of all of the Assets less the Cash balance. In addition, if there are cumulative net losses, the amount of those loses will be added back to represent a reimbursement of those losses.
The Cash balance of the Company as well as its Debt are not usually included in a Market Valuation, therefore for a net benefit from a Market Value Exit Sale, Cash is added to the Market Value and the Debt is subtracted along with any excluded assets described above.
The Exit Value may be entered for only the end of the Horizon time period, however for Horizon time periods over 10 years, the User should be sure to at least enter an appropriate Exit Value for Year 10 as well as the end of the Horizon time period. The *ThruThink Evaluation* evaluates only the first 10 years of a deal and will use the Hard Asset liquidation value for the Exit Value at year 10, if there is not a Market Value available.
### EBITDA Multiple - Breakeven Exit Sale
The Step 7 - Exit Strategy page indicates a Breakeven EBITDA Multiple for an Exit Sale. This is an approximate calculation to represent generally returning the Equity Groups investment. It is calculated by using the value of all of the Assets less the Cash balance. In addition, if there are cumulative net losses, the amount of those loses will be added back to represent a reimbursement of those losses.
The Cash balance of the Company as well as its Debt are not usually included in a Market Valuation, therefore for a net benefit from a Market Value Exit Sale, Cash is added to the Market Value and the Debt is subtracted along with any excluded asset categories on the Balance Sheet such as A/R, Inventory, Notes Receivable, Equipment or Real Estate.
