# Equity Percent Ownership and Equity Contributions
## Category: Equity
The Equity Percent Ownership interest is an Input in Step 8. There are three available Equity Groups and a percent ownership for each. The cash Equity contributions by each Equity Group should be made in the same percentage as the Equity Group's percent ownership inputs. In the *ThruThink* analysis each Equity Group will be attributed its ownership of the total Company by the actual percent of equity contributed and not necessarily by the stated Equity Percent inputs made by the User in Step 8.
In other words, the equity contributions by the Equity members should be in the same percentage as the stated ownership percent inputs. In this circumstance, in order to keep the financial Equity split consistent with the Equity Percent Ownership inputs, the cash amounts contributed by the Equity Groups that are over their ownership equity percentages can be contributed as an Equity Note (inputs are a part of Step 8) which will become a loan to the Company and can be at zero interest or other interest rate as desired. In that manner the Equity split of the total Company can be kept consistent with the Equity Percent Ownership of the Equity Groups.
In addition to the use of the Equity Notes described above, cash over the Equity Group's ownership equity percentage may be contributed as a Subordinated Debt where Warrant options and/or Payment-in-Kind (PIK) Interest can be used to share the success of the Company's future performance with the note holder, see Information Browser - Subordinated Debt
When the Existing Company is combined with or purchases the Target Company, it is necessary that the Existing Company be one of the Equity Groups. When there are other Equity Groups in addition to the Existing Company, the resulting equity split will become very complicated. The Existing Company's existing equity becomes part of the total Company equity as well as the equity contributions of the Equity Groups to purchase the Target Company. The cash equity contributions plus the Existing Company net equity will dictate each Equity Group's actual equity split of the Future Company (combined Target Company and Existing Company). Each Equity Groups equity contribution as explained above will be attributed to their equity ownership plus the Existing Company equity will be attributed to the Existing Company Equity Group. Because of this, the resulting equity splits will not necessarily be the same as the Equity Percent Ownership inputs entered in Step 8 by the User. As noted above, the use of Equity notes or Subordinated Notes (with available warrant options) by the non-Existing Company Equity Groups can be used for the non-Existing Company Equity Group's contributions. Please see the Information Browser - Balance Sheet Beginning Equity Detail for a visual representation of the resulting Equity Group equity splits.
When the Existing Company is combined with or purchases the Target Company and there are other Equity Groups involved, the resulting equity splits will be listed in the message section on the bottom of the Step 8 input page. If Equity Notes or Subordinated Debt is not used for the non-Existing Company Equity Group's cash contributions, and it is acceptable to all of the Equity Groups, the Equity Group's Ownership Percentages can be adjusted so that they come close to that shown in the note section of the page. Because the two percentage splits are relational to one another, it will involve several rounds (four or five) of adjustments to get the Equity Ownership Percentages to be approximately close to the ones in the message section of the page.
**Please be sure to notice the resulting Equity Group Splits indicated in the note section of the Step 8 Equity Inputs and check the Information Browser - Balance Sheet Beginning Equity Detail for a visual representation and specific detail of the resulting Equity Group equity splits.**
