# Equity Notes as a source for Remaining Cash Requirement
## Category: Equity
When setting up the Equity Note, the User may choose to Input a % Origination Points Fee for the Note. Because the % Points Fee becomes a Cash Requirement in the Closing Escrow, when a % Points Fee is used for the Equity Note, changing the amount of the Equity Note will cause the Cash Requirement to close the escrow to go up or down based on the amount of the % Points Fee change.
When using the Equity Note to provide the final amount of the Cash Requirement, as the Equity Note increases the Cash Requirement will also increase due to the % Points Fee, causing a never ending (although increasingly smaller) chase to provide the remaining Cash Requirement.
Either use the direct Cash Contribution to satisfy the final Cash Requirement or make several rounds of increasing the Equity Note amount to satisfy the Remaining Cash Requirement and again increasing the Equity Note amount for the resulting Remaining Cash Requirement until the Remaining Cash Requirement gets small enough to put in a direct Cash Contribution to finish the process.
The Equity Notes (inputs are a part of Step 8) may be used when the amount of cash contributed by an Equity Group is greater than that required by the Equity Group's Ownership Percentage. The cash Equity contributions by each Equity Group should be made in the same percentage as the Equity Group's percent ownership. In the *ThruThink* analysis each Equity Group will be attributed its ownership of the total Company by the Equity Percent ownership of the Equity Group. In other words, if the equity contributions by the Equity members are not made in the same percentage split as the ownership percent, equity contributions from one Equity Group will end up being attributed to another Equity Group. In this circumstance, in order to keep the financial Equity split consistent with the Equity Percent Ownerships, the cash amounts contributed by the Equity Groups that are over their ownership equity percentages can be contributed as an Equity Note which will become a loan to the Company and can be at zero interest or other interest rate as desired. In that manner the Equity split of the total Company can be kept consistent with the Equity Percent Ownership of the Equity Groups.
