# Asset Value Adjustments in Equity Section of Balance Sheet
## Category: Equity
### Buyer Value Exceeds Transaction Price
When the net value of the hard assets acquired in the deal exceed the purchase price of the deal, an adjustment is made in the Equity section and listed under Asset Value Adjustment.
### Target Company Asset Value
When the Target Company is being purchased and the Buyer chooses to write down the value for one or all of the individual asset categories of the Target Company during the Transaction or prior to the Effective Date, the amount of the write off will reduce the beginning asset value in the post transaction Balance Sheet. When less than 100% of the Target Company is being purchased, the post closing Balance Sheet will still reflect 100% of the Target Company (net of write offs). In order not to dilute the non seller equity interest, no debt other than to increase the Company's working capital cash is allowed to be added to the post transaction Balance Sheet. Therefore, when less than 100% of the Target Company is purchased, the Equity section of the post closing Balance Sheet will simply be the net value of the Target Company's assets (net of any initial write downs) and be shown as an Equity Asset Value Adjustment.
### Existing Company Asset Write Down
When the Existing Company is being purchased and the Buyer chooses to write down the value for one or all of the individual asset categories of the Existing Company during the Transaction or prior to the Effective Date, the amount of the write off will reduce the beginning asset value in the post transaction Balance Sheet. If 100% of the Existing Company is being purchased, the asset write off amounts for the Existing Company assets will increase the Goodwill amount the Buyer paid for the Existing Company which is booked on the post transaction Balance Sheet under Amortized Assets. When less than 100% of the Existing Company is being purchased, the Goodwill of the purchase does not get booked to the post transaction Balance Sheet of the Company as the transaction is considered outside the Company (between buyer and seller). The reduced asset values from the write off is booked to the Equity section of the post transaction Balance Sheet under Asset Value Adjustments. This write off occurs prior to the Effective Date and no tax considerations from the write off are included in this process.
