# Company Sale - Return
## Category: Exit Strategy
Company Sale Gain is measured at the time indicated for the Exit Sale of the Company as indicated in the Exit Strategy Input page. The Sale Gain is the amount the Market Value Sale exceeds the book equity value of the Company. The Market Value can be either a multiple of the Company's EBITDA, a set given number (User Input) or a combination of both. These Market Value factors for an Exit Sale for the Company are set with Exit Strategy Inputs. They can be set for one individual year at a time or for each year of the balance of the Horizon Years. Using the EBITDA Multiple method of valuation provides an easy measure of value on an ongoing basis as it automatically reflects the performance of the company.
The Exit Value may be entered for only the end of the Horizon time period, however for Horizon time periods over 10 years, the User should be sure to at least enter an appropriate Exit Value for Year 10 as well as the end of the Horizon time period. The *ThruThink Evaluation* evaluates only the first 10 years of a deal and will use the Hard Asset liquidation value for the Exit Value at year 10, if there is not a Market Value available.
There is no Capital Gain Tax applied to the Company as it is assumed that the Gain will be passed to the individual Equity Partners. Long Term Capital Gain taxes can be applied to the Equity Partner returns however in order to reflect an after tax return to the Equity Partners after the investment in and subsequent sale of the Company. The Long Term Capital Gains rate used is an input by the User in the Tax Rate Input section.
*There are three types of Valuation methods used in the ThruThink analysis; Market Value, Book Value and Hard Asset Liquidation. Please refer to the definition for each, however with the Book Value and Hard Asset Liquidation type of Sale, there is no Sale Gain.*
