# Hard Asset Value Definition - Return
## Category: Exit Strategy
### Hard Asset Liquidation - Return
Hard Asset Liquidation is defined as the Net Book Value from the  Balance Sheet of the Company (Assets less Liabilities) less non cash assets such as Capitalized Goodwill (the amount paid for the Company over the value of actual assets included with the Company) and Capitalized Acquisition Costs and other Amortized Assets. This will be referred to as Hard Asset Liquidation or HA.
The Hard Asset Value is a value only for its tangible assets (Hard Assets) and assumes this is a worst case valuation of the Company. It gives no value for the market value of the Company over its hard asset value. This focuses this particular evaluation only on the operating performance of the Company. Sometimes the worst case value may be even less than the Net Book Value of the Hard Assets, therefore the User must be aware of the relationship between Net Book Value without Goodwill and the actual realizable Market Value of the Company when using this measure of value.
### Hard Asset/No Debt
For Investment comparison purposes, the Hard Asset Liquidation is used as the Exit Value, however, in order to remove the influence of leverage on the returns, it ignores the financing type of debt in the purchase, operation and liquidation of the Company. Therefore, the Hard Asset Liquidation value of the Company in this instance will be the net book value of the assets less the Goodwill. This will be referred to as Hard Asset/No Debt or HA/ND.
### Hard Asset/No Debt Liquidation Value (HA/ND)
With the Investment Comparison process for the HA/ND IRR calculation, the HA/ND Liquidation value is used as an Exit Value, which does not incorporate any of the Company's debt, and EBITDA is used as the annual cash return. In this instance, because of using EBITDA, even though HA/ND assumes no debt, any Accounts Payable listed as debt on the balance sheet are subtracted from the HA/ND value. This is because when using EBITDA as the cash return, EBITDA is calculated after subtracting all expenses except Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization expenses. Accounts Payable will reflect expenses that are already subtracted to arrive at EBITDA and therefore for this purpose, A/P should be assumed paid (since EBITDA is used as the cash return), thereby reducing Exit Value assets.
