# Exit Strategy - Return
## Category: Exit Strategy
The Exit Strategy process can be found in Step 7 and is intended for the User to input a possible, expected or required Market Value sale for the Company. The Market Value may be expressed as a multiple of EBITDA or a flat amount for the Company or a combination of both. The combination is useful when the business value may include a value for the business that can be expressed as a multiple of EBITDA and other asset value such as real estate that should be expressed as a set number.
Several analysis factors in the *ThruThink* analysis require an annual market value for the Company for each year in order to express a "what if" annual return for the investment in the Company. Therefore, the User should enter a factor for each year up to and including the Horizon Year of the analysis. Using the EBITDA Multiple method of valuation provides a relatively simple measure of value on an ongoing basis as it automatically reflects the performance of the company. If the analysis is set to reflect a scenario for a single year, then only that year should be completed.
The Exit Value may be entered for only the end of the Horizon time period, however for Horizon time periods over 10 years, the User should be sure to at least enter an appropriate Exit Value for Year 10 as well as the end of the Horizon time period. The *ThruThink Evaluation* evaluates only the first 10 years of a deal and will use the Hard Asset liquidation value for the Exit Value at year 10, if there is not a Market Value available.
