# Depreciation
## Category: Expenses
Depreciation is spreading out the cost of a tangible asset over a period of years (Life Period) instead of expensing the total purchase in one year. In the *ThruThink* analysis there are available categories for Machinery & Equipment, Buildings & Improvements and Other Long Term Assets each with separate Life Period Inputs for both Accrual and Cash Basis. Each category will be capitalized to the same category on the Balance Sheet. Each year of the Life Period, a separate Depreciation Expense will calculated for Accrual expenses and Cash Basis expenses. The Users should consult with their Tax Advisors for proper Life Period  to use.
*Unless changed by the User, for both Accrual and Cash Basis, a default Life Period for Equipment & Machinery will be 10 years, Buildings & Improvements, 20 years and Other Long Term Assets will be 10 years.*
Depreciation Terms only apply to the Transaction Sheet Assets and new Capital Expenditures. The Existing Company Asset Depreciation expense is inputted by the User in whole numbers and are not calculated.
### Depreciation Adjustment - Asset Sale
For the years following the Asset Sale, the regular depreciation expense will continue but be reduced by an allocated amount representing the Sold Asset. The Sale Amount will be divided by an estimate for the remaining life for assets in that Asset Class which will reduce the annual depreciation expense amount for the Asset Class (ex: all assets booked as Machinery & Equipment). This adjustment is only an estimate and not based on specific asset removal as the exact year of original acquisition of the Sold Asset is unknown. An Adjusting Journal Entry may be made to Accumulated Depreciation, Depreciation Expense and Gain/Loss on Sale to make more specific adjustments.
