# Historical Worksheet - Add back for EBITDA Adjustments
## Category: Historical Worksheet
On the Historical Worksheet, the User may adjust the Historical Expenses by removing items that need to be adjusted to more accurately represent EBITDA of the Company as a stand alone on-going business in the future.
Enter positive # to add income or remove expenses deducted above or negative # to remove income or deduct additional expense.
Because EBITDA is Earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization, if these type of expenses are included in the Historical Expenses entered for the Company, all Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation or Amortization amounts contained in the Historical Expense should be removed by entering a positive number representing those items in the Add back section.
Gain or Loss on Sale of Assets should be removed for EBITDA purposes. Depreciation expense influences the Gain/Loss calculation and since Depreciation is removed for EBITDA purposes, the Gain/Loss on Sale of Assets should also be removed. If Asset Sales are considered part of the trade or business then their activity should be included as regular Sales and Cost of Goods Sold and not be depreciated. Talk with an accountant for further clarification.
Other items to include in the Add back section are often things like previous owner compensation or expenses that will not need to be replaced by future employees be entering a positive number or additional labor required to replace the previous owners or other unpaid or underpaid contributions by entering a negative number.
This may also be adjustments to remove extraordinary expenses or income that occurred in the past that is deemed to not represent normal operations. This could be extra legal or accounting expenses to prepare for a sale or to take care of an unusual circumstance of some kind.
In other words, this process tries to normalize historical EBITDA results to provide a base to compare future projections.
