# Capital Gain
## Category: Income
All Capital Gains in the *ThruThink* analysis are considered Long Term Capital Gains representing the sale of assets held longer than one year.
The Capital Gains rate is used for calculating the tax on the Gain on Sale of Assets by the Company and for items that apply to the individual Equity Owners such as their receipt of Performance Note principal payments and the individual Equity Owners after tax Equity Returns from an Exit Sale of the Company. Net Income from these items are all assumed to be Capital Gain.
The sale of assets are recorded by entering a negative number on the Step 7 Capital Expenditures (CapEx) page. See Help - Capital Expenditures. A negative number input is used to represent Asset Sales and should represent the proceeds from the Asset sale. In the *ThruThink* analysis, the negative number entered as an Asset Sale will reduce the Gross Value of the Asset Class and increase Cash. To fully represent the Asset Sale, multiple accounting style Adjusting Journal Entries (AJE) in Step 7 will need to be made to record the Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets, the reduction of Accumulated Depreciation and adjust the Asset Value to reflect the removal of the Book Value of the asset instead of the proceeds from the sale. Capital Losses from the Sale of Assets will be carried into future years to apply against future Capital Gains. No Capital Loss will be applied against Ordinary Income.
When the Asset Class is reduced to zero, excess proceeds up to the amount of the accumulated depreciation for that Asset Class will be considered as depreciation recapture and be taxed as Ordinary Income. After the Asset Class is reduced to zero, excess proceeds that exceed the Accumulated Depreciation for the Asset Class prior to the sale, will be considered as Long Term Capital Gain.
