# Borrowing Base Repayment
## Category: Liabilities
This is usually a Line of Credit that is based on a point in time Borrowing Base type of repayment.
In the *ThruThink* analysis, the Accounts Receivable and Inventory Debt is based on a Line of Credit structure that would feed into a Borrowing Base type of credit structure.
A Borrowing Base includes the Collateral Value securing the Line of Credit such as Accounts Receivables and or Inventory, less any reserves. The Lender will advance the Loan to Value percentage against the Borrowing Base (Collateral Value less Reserves).
For Accounts Receivables, the Lender can have control of the receipt of the Accounts Receivable whereby the Company's customers pay directly to the Lender (as in a Lock Box arrangement). In any case, as the Accounts Receivable are received, the loan is directly reduced. To redraw funds on the Line of Credit, the Accounts Receivables are again calculated and the value applied to the Borrowing Base process and any new loan funds in excess of the existing loan balance is made available by the Lender to the Company.
For inventory, when the inventory is sold, either cash or a receivable is created. If cash is received, the inventory loan should be reduced. At a point in time, the Inventory is calculated and the value applied to the Borrowing Base process along with the updated Accounts Receivables and a new allowable loan balance is calculated for both the Inventory and Accounts Receivables and compared with the existing loan balance. If the allowable loan balance exceeds the existing loan balance, the excess loan amount would be available for the Company to draw, if the Existing Loan exceeds the Allowable Loan balance, the Company pays the loan down to the allowable balance.
There are many variations of the above for Lines of Credit involving a greater or lesser amount of control by the Lender depending on the financial health of the Company and the Company's relationship with the Lender. The intention of the Accounts Receivable and Inventory Debt is to simulate the intertwined flow of money from purchasing Inventory to collection of Accounts Receivable. At any point in time, the amount of the loan outstanding should always be in accordance with the terms indicated by the User.
