# Performance Earn Out Note
## Category: Liabilities
The Performance Earn Out Note is how the Earn Out option is paid to the holder of the Earn Out. The Earn Out Note is a debt obligation and is found in Step 6, Transaction Debt Section and is paid in accordance with the debt terms set up by the User for the Performance Earn Out Note in Step 6. The terms of the Earn Out option can be accessed in Step 4 or in the Information Browser by entering "Earn Out".
The Performance Earn Out Options may be used as an incentive for either the Seller or any other individual or entity that a Performance Earn Out might be applicable.
The Performance Earn Out is used as an inducement to the Seller of the Company being purchased, a Lender or an Investor who require a greater upside. Through the Earn Out, a share of the future performance of the Company can be offered. For the Seller, the User may choose that the Performance Earn Out will either be treated as a part of the purchase price of the Company and capitalized in the year being earned as an increase in the amortized asset from the purchase of the Company or it may be expensed in the year of being earned. In both cases, the Earn Out is calculated each year and will accrue as a Performance Earn Out Note in the Transaction Debt Section of Step 6 and be paid in accordance with the debt terms set up by the User for the Performance Earn Out Note in Step 6.
The Performance Earn Out can only apply to one entity at a time. In other words, it can not be set up for the Seller and another for an Investor.
How the Performance Earn Out is calculated can be found on the Performance Earn Out Input page listed under in the Transaction Sheet Debt Inputs in Step 6.
### Payments before end of Earn Out Duration period
CAUTION - If the Earn Out Note has a Beginning Payment Year that is less than the end year of the Earn Out Duration period causing a payment to be made prior to a subsequent decrease in the  Earn Out Note due to Company performance, a negative loan balance would be created which will be then zeroed out and increase the amortized purchase price for the Company when the Earn Out is part of the Company purchase or will increase the Earn Out expense deduction when the Earn Out is expensed. Once a negative Earn Out Note is created, there is no provision to recover that amount if Company Performance recovers later during the Duration Period. Because of this, the safest method is to begin the Earn Out payments after the end of the Duration Period.
