# Other Current Debt and Credit Line
## Category: Liabilities
Other Current Debt is considered short term due to be paid within 12 months and can be reported with two methods. A general category can be reported for the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company  and more specific information may be entered with the Individually Scheduled Other Current Debt input process.
The General Other Current Debt input on the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company Debt input page is for general miscellaneous debts due with 12 months. The Transaction Sheet portion and the Existing Company portion are grouped together with one interest rate feature. For items with multiple interest rate requirements, the User should use the Individual Scheduled Other Current Debt item inputs, as described below.
### Other Current Debt - General Amounts
The general debt portion comes from inputs in Step 6 for the Transaction Sheet and/or the Existing Company. The Individually Scheduled amounts come from a series of individual loans identified in the Individually Scheduled Debt Input page also available in Step 6 for both the Transaction Sheet or the Existing Company.
The initial General Other Current Debt from the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company will be combined together after the Effective Date. If the Credit Limit input for Other Current Debt in Step 6 is left blank, the General Other Current Debt will stay constant through Year 1 and be paid off in Month 12 of Year 1.
For each year off the Horizon, the Credit Limit input may be adjusted on the Other Current Debt page (see Info Browser). When the General Credit Limit input is greater than '0', the General Other Current Debt amount will roll into a Credit Line facility with weekly automatic draws and payments to the cash account.
### Other Current Debt - Credit Line
The Credit Line feature of *ThruThink* may be turned on by entering a Credit Limit amount In Step 6 which will apply to the portion of the beginning Other Current Debt entered that is not a part of the Individually Scheduled Other Current Debt.
The initial Credit Limit amount will carry forward to all successive years unless changed by the User with an annual Credit Limit input for each year on the Other Current Debt page (See Info Browser). Any future annual Credit Limit input will automatically carry forward to all successive years unless changed in future years by the User.
To turn the Credit Line feature off, leave the Credit Limit input blank and the General Other Current Debt portion will be paid off at the end of the then current year. Enter a '0' and the amount will be paid off at the end of Month 1 of the then current year.
If the Credit Limit is greater than '0', on a weekly basis, there will be automatic draws to the Other Current Debt throughout years 1-3 up to the amount of the Credit Limit to cover shortages in the cash general account. If there is a surplus in the cash general account, if the Credit Limit is greater than '0', there will be automatic payments to the Other Current Debt Credit Line up to the amount of the outstanding balance of the Credit Line. This is similar to the sweep feature for a credit line with a bank. When the Credit Line is blank or set to '0', no automatic draws or payments will occur.
Interest is paid monthly for the General Other Credit/Credit Line amounts.
Overall manual adjustments to the General Other Current Debt category may be made on the Cash Flow Control page. Increases made from the Cash Flow Control page will take place in Month 1 and decreases will take place in Month 12.
The Cash Flow Control (see Browser - Workflow) adjustment for Other Current Debt can be used to increase or decrease the General Other Current Debt portion. Increases from the Cash Flow Control page will be applied 1st to the Credit Line up to the Credit Limit, then to the non-interest bearing portion of the Other Current Debt section (see Information Browser, Other Current Debt Balance).
When the Credit Line is active (a Credit Limit above '0'), the interest is paid monthly, otherwise the interest is paid annually at payoff.
This debt is represented on the Balance Sheet under Current Debt even if renewed every year. It will be considered due within 12 months at all times.
### Other Current Debt - Individually Scheduled
The Individually Scheduled Other Debt are individual short term liabilities that are either beginning balances or funded in specific months for each year of the Horizon Period and are paid 12 months later. Each separate debt item may have a different interest rate or none at all.
During Debt Setup, the Individual Scheduled Items can be applied to either the Transaction Sheet or directly to the Existing Company.
The entire category may be renewed (not paid off) each year by selecting 'Yes' for any given year in the Other Current Debt Detail page (see Information Browser). This will extend all of the Individually Scheduled monthly anniversaries for that year for 12 months (see Annual Renewal below).
If the Funding Year input is left blank, it will be paid in Year 1 in the funding month indicated. To fund loans in future years, place a year input for Funding Year and it will funded in that year in the Funding Month indicated and be paid 12 months after the indicated funding month.
If the Funding Month is left blank, it will be funded in month 12 of the year indicated. The entire category may be renewed (not paid off) each year by selecting 'Yes' for any given year in the Other Current Debt Detail page (see Information Browser). This will extend the monthly anniversaries for 12 months.
The month selection will only apply during years 1-3 since the Monthly Cash Flow is only available for those years, however the Funding Year selection will apply for each year of the Horizon period.
The interest is paid annually at each of the liabilities anniversary date.
An overall manual payment adjustment to the category may be made on the Cash Flow Control page or with an Adjusting Journal Entry.
The Cash Flow Control (see Browser - Workflow) adjustment for Other Current Debt can only be used to pay down the Individually Scheduled Debt portion. Increases from the Cash Flow Control page will be applied 1st to the Credit Line up to the Credit Limit, then to the non-interest bearing portion of the Other Current Debt section (see Information Browser, Other Current Debt Balance).
Adjusting Journal Entries may be made to either increase or decrease the Individually Scheduled Debt (see step 7).
Both the Cash Flow Control payments and Adjusting Journal Entries for the Individually Scheduled Other Current Debt will take place in Month 12 of the applicable year.
If this debt is due in a period longer than 12 months from the Effective Date, the User should choose one of the Other Long Term debt categories for this debt. In this manner, the debt will be then considered a Long Term Debt on the Balance Sheet.
### Negative Amounts - Changing the 12 Month Anniversary Payoff
Negative amounts for Loans are used to move the 12 Month Anniversary Payoff payment month. This should only be used when the Renewal is set to 'No' for the year involved.
By default, the payoff for each Individually Scheduled Other Current Loan will be paid off (unless renewed) in the next year (Payoff Year), 12 months after the Funding Month.
If the payoff needs to be earlier in the Payoff Year, enter a negative loan amount for the payoff in the month needed and enter the Payoff Year as the Funding Year and enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that amount. Enter another corresponding positive amount in the 12 month anniversary month in the Payoff Year for the original loan amount and also enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that entry as well. This effectively moves the payoff from the original 12 month anniversary month to the new required month in the Payoff Year. This option should only be used when the Renewal is set to 'No' for the year with the negative amounts.
If the payoff needs to be later in the same year as the Funding Year and not in the Succeeding Year, enter a negative loan amount for the payoff in the month needed (must be after the Funding Month of the original loan) for the Funding Year and enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that amount. Enter a positive amount in the 12 month anniversary month of the original loan in the Succeeding Year and also enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that entry as well. This effectively moves the payoff from the original 12 month anniversary month to the new required month in the same year as the Funding Year. This option should only be used when the Renewal is set to 'No' for the year with the negative amounts.
Please note that when entering negative amounts to move the payment month, it is important to enter 'Move' in the Description Field for both the positive as well as the negative adjustment amounts.
### Annual Renewal
For the General Other Current Debt portion, the Credit Limit input will guide the annual renewal of the General Other Current Debt. If the Credit Limit input is left blank, the General Other Current Debt will stay constant through Year 1 and be paid off in Month 12 of Year 1.
If the Credit Limit input for the General Other Current portion is entered as '0', the General Current Debt amount will be paid off in Month 1 of Year 1.
If there is an amount greater than '0' for the Credit Limit for any given year, the Credit Line will be renewed and the auto Advance/Pay described above will be active within the parameters of Credit Limit. The annual Credit Limit inputs are found on the Other Current Debt page (see Information Browser - Other Current Debt Balance Detail).
For the Individually Scheduled portion of the Other Current Debt, there is an annual selection on the Other Current Debt page (see Information Browser - Other Current Debt Balance Detail). For each year of the Horizon, by selecting 'Yes', the entire category will be renewed and the loan anniversaries will all be extended by 12 months.
This debt is represented on the Balance Sheet under Current Debt even if renewed every year. It will be considered due within 12 months at all times.
### Other Current Debt - Non Interest Bearing Portion
This is miscellaneous other debt due within twelve months that does not accrue interest.
The initial balance will come from the Other Current Debt total imported from other projects when Combine Other Projects feature is used. This feature is not currently available.
Specific Increases or Decreases to this category may be made with an Adjusting Journal Entry (see Step 7) for each year of the Horizon.
Increases to Other Current Debt made on the Cash Flow Control page (see Browser, Workflow) that exceed the Other Current Debt Credit Limit will increase this category. Decreases in the Other Current Debt category from the Cash Flow Control page that exceed the outstanding balances of the General or Individually Scheduled Other will decrease this category.
**Caution: An AJE entry to this account after the Effective Date will directly effect cash but will have no effect on income/expenses or tax calculations either cash basis or accrual basis. Because inputs to this account will effect cash, the User will need to be careful to insure that this is the intended effect. An AJE to another Account with the opposite sign may need to be made to offset this cash effect.**
The cash flow impact will be contained in the Non Expense Adjusting Journal Entry cash flow line item in the Cash Flow Control form.
