# Senior Secured Debt/Secondary Debt
## Category: Liabilities
Senior Debt means that the debt is secured by a first priority lien on the assets that secure the debt. The assets that secure an individual loan is referred to as the Loan Collateral. The debt generally is a percentage of the value of the Collateral (Loan to Value Ratio) in order to allow a recovery margin in the case the lender must recover the Collateral to pay off the loan. In addition, generally there is an amount of the Collateral that is deemed by the lender as ineligible (Ineligible/Reserve Percentage). This means that the lender does not count the Ineligible Reserve amount as collateral for the loan. The Ineligible/Reserve percentage is generally used in assets such as Accounts Receivable and or Inventory and would represent issues like receivables over 60 days old (possibly uncollectable) or old, spoiled or obsolete inventory. There is an Ineligible provision for the other debt categories which can be used by the user to plan for possible value differences with the lender or any reason to reduce the asset value for lending purposes. Of course this can be left empty and the Loan to Value Ratio reduced to accomplish the same thing.
The Secondary Debt of Other Debt, Subordinated Debt and Seller Debt may have no specific security for the loan other than the general obligation of the Company and any guarantors of the Debt. Each of these types of loans have specific and very individual purposes and each have different repayment avenues and justifications. Generally all assets of the Company after payment of the Senior Debt becomes Collateral for the Secondary Debt depending on the Terms of each of the Secondary Debts.
