# Individually Scheduled Items-Other Current Debt
## Category: Liabilities
The Individually Scheduled Other Debt are individual short term liabilities that are either beginning balances or funded in specific months for each year of the Horizon Period and are paid 12 months later. Each separate debt item may have a different interest rate or none at all.
During Debt Setup, the Individual Scheduled Items can be applied to either the Transaction Sheet or directly to the Existing Company.
The entire category may be renewed (not paid off) each year by selecting 'Yes' for any given year in the Other Current Debt Detail page (see Information Browser). This will extend all of the Individually Scheduled monthly anniversaries for that year for 12 months (see Annual Renewal below).
If the Funding Year input is left blank, it will be paid in Year 1 in the funding month indicated. To fund loans in future years, place a year input for Funding Year and it will funded in that year in the Funding Month indicated and be paid 12 months after the indicated funding month.
If the Funding Month is left blank, it will be funded in month 12 of the year indicated. The entire category may be renewed (not paid off) each year by selecting 'Yes' for any given year in the Other Current Debt Detail page (see Information Browser). This will extend the monthly anniversaries for 12 months.
The month selection will only apply during years 1-3 since the Monthly Cash Flow is only available for those years, however the Funding Year selection will apply for each year of the Horizon period.
The interest is paid annually at each of the liabilities anniversary date.
An overall manual payment adjustment to the category may be made on the Cash Flow Control page or with an Adjusting Journal Entry.
The Cash Flow Control (see Browser - Workflow) adjustment for Other Current Debt can only be used to pay down the Individually Scheduled Debt portion. Increases from the Cash Flow Control page will be applied 1st to the Credit Line up to the Credit Limit, then to the non-interest bearing portion of the Other Current Debt section (see Information Browser, Other Current Debt Balance).
Adjusting Journal Entries may be made to either increase or decrease the Individually Scheduled Debt (see step 7).
Both the Cash Flow Control payments and Adjusting Journal Entries for the Individually Scheduled Other Current Debt will take place in Month 12 of the applicable year.
If this debt is due in a period longer than 12 months from the Effective Date, the User should choose one of the Other Long Term debt categories for this debt. In this manner, the debt will be then considered a Long Term Debt on the Balance Sheet.
### Negative Amounts - Changing the 12 Month Anniversary Payoff
Negative amounts for Loans are used to move the 12 Month Anniversary Payoff payment month. This should only be used when the Renewal is set to 'No' for the year involved.
By default, the payoff for each Individually Scheduled Other Current Loan will be paid off (unless renewed) in the next year (Payoff Year), 12 months after the Funding Month.
If the payoff needs to be earlier in the Payoff Year, enter a negative loan amount for the payoff in the month needed and enter the Payoff Year as the Funding Year and enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that amount. Enter another corresponding positive amount in the 12 month anniversary month in the Payoff Year for the original loan amount and also enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that entry as well. This effectively moves the payoff from the original 12 month anniversary month to the new required month in the Payoff Year. This option should only be used when the Renewal is set to 'No' for the year with the negative amounts.
If the payoff needs to be later in the same year as the Funding Year and not in the Succeeding Year, enter a negative loan amount for the payoff in the month needed (must be after the Funding Month of the original loan) for the Funding Year and enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that amount. Enter a positive amount in the 12 month anniversary month of the original loan in the Succeeding Year and also enter 'Move' in the Description Field for that entry as well. This effectively moves the payoff from the original 12 month anniversary month to the new required month in the same year as the Funding Year. This option should only be used when the Renewal is set to 'No' for the year with the negative amounts.
Please note that when entering negative amounts to move the payment month, it is important to enter 'Move' in the Description Field for both the positive as well as the negative adjustment amounts.
### Annual Renewal
For the Individually Scheduled portion of the Other Current Debt, there is an annual selection on the Other Current Debt page (see Information Browser - Other Current Debt Balance Detail). For each year of the Horizon, by selecting 'Yes', the entire category will be renewed and the loan anniversaries will all be extended by 12 months.
This debt is represented on the Balance Sheet under Current Debt even if renewed every year. It will be considered due within 12 months at all times.
