# Individually Scheduled User Identified Debt C1-C4 - Month Due
## Category: Liabilities
This entry only will apply to Debt with annual payments (1 per year). For items other than annual payments, inputs for Month Due will default to Month "12".
The Month the payment is due is the Month # from the Effective Date, i.e., if the Effective Date is March 31 and the payment is due in June, then the Month Period Due would be 3.
For an entry prior to Month Period 12, accrued interest income and receivable asset for the remaining periods of the year will be generated.
If the Month Due is prior to month 12, the total payment will stay the same, but the amount of interest will vary and represent only the months of the year prior to and including the Month Due period. The balance of the payment will be principal and reduce the loan amount accordingly.
With a prior existing debt, accrued interest as an initial balance input should be entered as an Accrued Interest liability as of the beginning date in the Debt set up process. This would represent the months of the year after the payment in the prior year.
If this is a prior existing debt, for annual payments only, input a Month Due greater than 12, the Start Month is the month the payment was last paid last year plus 12. The interest paid will be for the 12 months after last years Payment which will include the periods from the prior year. On an accrual basis, interest paid this year for the months of last year will be reversed out of Accrued Interest Liability and accrued Interest expense (See Interest Paid detail). For example if there is a payment for an existing debt due in April (Month 4) this year and was last paid in April of last year, use a month due of 16 (April = Month 4, 4 + 12 months back = 16). 12 months of interest will be paid and expensed to Interest Expense and 8/12 of the Interest paid will be reversed out or debited to Accrued Interest Liability and lower or credit Interest Expense.
An automatic accrual entry will be made crediting Accrued Interest and debiting Interest Expense for the months after the Month Period for each Yr beginning with Yr 1. This input is then automatically reversed the following year. See Interest information form for the detail of these entries.
