# Debt Service Coverage
## Category: Liabilities
Debt Service Coverage is expressed as a ratio called the Debt Service Coverage (DSC) Ratio. This can be calculated differently depending on what information is desired. To express the DSC Ratio as an indication of how normal earnings from the business can cover the debt payments, the DSC is calculated in *ThruThink* by dividing the Earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) from the business by the Total Interest Expense plus Principal payments on Long Term Debt. A common target for this calculation is 1.25:1. This calculation is found in ThruThink through the Information Browser - Sources and Uses of Cash.
Debt Service Coverage is often expressed as Cash Available for Debt Service which in *ThruThink* is calculated on a Trailing Twelve Month (TTM) basis. If the User has entered the Actuals for Last Year and the Actuals for Year to Date This Year, the *ThruThink* calculation uses the TTM EBITDA less the TTM Non Financed Capital Expenditures plus the TTM Capital Contributions and less the TTM Capital Draws and divides this by the Total TTM Interest Expense plus TTM Principal Payments on Long Term Debt. This latter calculation is often used by Lenders as a loan covenant. A common goal for this ratio is also 1.25:1. This calculation is found in *ThruThink* through the Information Browser - Projection Guidance to Actual to Date.
It is a useful exercise for the User to see what the Projection shows for a Trailing Twelve Month Debt Service (TTM DSC) calculation for Year 1 by itself. This can be seen by when a blank is entered as the current month on the Projection to Actual Comparison Page (see Information Browser). Going back to the Projection Guidance to Actual to Date page, the TTM DSC calculation can by seen on the right portion of the page under Month 12.
