# How the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company Relate
## Category: Liabilities
### Purchase the Target Company
When purchasing the Target Company, the Target Company's Sales, EBITDA, the Purchase Price, Acquisition Debt or additional debt required (see below) for the acquisition of the Target Company are entered on the Transaction Sheet through the Transaction Sheet input pages. The Equity  Structure for the ownership of the Target Company is entered in Step 8 for the purchase and will flow to the Transaction Sheet.
### Purchase the Existing Company
When purchasing the Existing Company, the Existing Company's Sales, EBITDA, Assets and Liabilities are entered on the Existing Company Input Sheet and the Purchase Price, Acquisition Debt or additional debt required (see below) for the acquisition of the Existing Company is entered on the Transaction Sheet. The Equity  Structure entered in Step 8 for the purchase will flow to the Transaction Sheet.
When purchasing the Existing Company, the Debt and Equity required to acquire the Existing Company should be entered using the Transaction Sheet options. This is new acquisition debt as well as new Existing Company debt (after the Effective Date). In this manner, for example, if there are assets at the Existing Company that can be used for additional debt after the Effective Date, the additional debt should be entered on the Transaction Sheet and those proceeds as well as Equity Debt and or the Contributions from outside Equity will become part of the capital structure assembled to acquire the Existing Company. After the acquisition, all the debt and equity from both the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company will be rolled into the post closing Balance Sheet.
### Existing Company Purchases the Target Company
When the Existing Company is purchasing the Target Company, the Transaction sheet is used for the Target Company Information and the Existing Company Input Sheet is used for the Existing Company. The Existing Company must be listed (using exact Existing Company name) as one of the Equity Partner Groups on the Transaction Sheet through the Equity Input page. Any cash required of the Existing Company Equity as an equity member will be taken from the cash listed on the Existing Company Input page. If there is not enough cash in the Existing Company's balance sheet, the Existing Company Equity Partner cash contribution above the cash amount shown on the Existing Company Balance Sheet will not be allowed as a cash input on the Transaction Sheet Equity Input.
Because information from the Transaction Sheet and the Existing Company Sheet are combined into the post Closing (Effective Date) Balance Sheet, if the Existing Company is purchasing the Target Company both the Sales and EBITDA information entered in Step 3 for the Existing Company and the Target Company will become the base information going forward as of the close of escrow or the Effective Date. Care should be taken not to duplicate and Sales or EBITDA information between the Target Company and the Existing Company.
As noted above in purchasing the Existing Company, when the Existing Company is Purchasing the Target Company, if there are assets at the Existing Company that can be used for additional debt to acquire the Target Company, the additional debt should be entered using the Transaction Sheet option and the proceeds will become part of the capital structure assembled to acquire the Target Company. The Transaction Sheet Debt will be combined with the Existing Company Debt after the Effective Date (Acquisition Date). The additional debt the Existing Company raises on its own assets as well as the assets of the Target Company and equity debt/contributions from the Equity Groups to provide cash to purchase the Target Company can be seen on the Information Tab Transaction Views through the Transaction Deal Structure  and Transaction Buyers and Sellers Statement.
