# Un-Compensated Owner Contribution
## Category: Owner Compensation
This is the value of the Un-Compensated Owner Time and Talent Contributions in the Step 3 Base level EBITDA.
Un-Compensated Owner Contribution is defined as that time and talent contribution that is not being paid to the Owner which is critical to the operation of the Company without such, the Company's existing EBITDA as represented in the Step 3 input can not be achieved. The value of such Un-Compensated Owner value should be that which would be required to replace such contribution from an outside party.
This should be only that Un-Compensated Owner contribution to operations that would need to be replaced if the Owner were not there. This reflects that the Base level EBITDA as entered in Step 3 as the Current EBITDA at the time of the Effective Date or Closing, does not contain sufficient expense to properly compensate for the operational time and talent contributions of the Owner. This input will be used as a factor in the Evaluation and Deal Score but it will not change the current EBITDA or add expense to the projected EBITDA. To change the current EBITDA, go to Step 3, to adjust the projected EBITDA, the User should either reflect that expense in the EBITDA number itself or add the Owner Compensation to the projections using See Step 7.
If the owner of the Company is making significant Un-Compensated time and talent contributions to the operation of the Company the value of this contribution should be considered in order to properly asses the real value of the actual Company or Deal. Often the value of this contribution is excluded as "Owner Benefits", however without this adjustment. very often the EBITDA value of the Company or Deal simply reflects providing the Owner a "job".
### Un-Compensated Owner Contribution Inputs
#### ThruThink Evaluation Input
This input is entered through the *ThruThink Evaluation* Additional Information page or in the Quick Deal Input page and only reflects the Un-Compensated Owner Contributions that are not reflected in the current level of EBITDA as entered in Step 3. This is intended to reflect the current situation as represented with the current level of EBITDA as entered in Step 3.
The amount entered for Un-Compensated Owner Contributions for the *ThruThink Evaluation* will not add expense or effect the cash flow projections but be used as a factor in the *ThruThink Evaluation*. A significant amount of Un-Compensated Owner contribution to the strategic operation of the Company will have a negative impact on the Evaluation and Deal Score. This input should be as realistic assessment as possible as it is an important component for proper Deal evaluation.
This input should not considered as the return on the Owners equity which should be reflected in Step 8.
In addition to the above, for proper evaluation of the Company's past performance and future performance as compared with the current level of EBITDA as entered in Step 3, the Historical EBITDA and projected EBITDA should also reflect any applicable Un-Compensated Owner Contribution.
#### Historical EBITDA Input
This input is entered on the Un-Compensated Owner Contribution Input page and applies if the Historical Analysis does not reflect the value of the Owner's contribution to the Operations of the Company, an amount can be automatically added as an implied expense to the Historical Analysis in order to make the EBITDA comparison and Company Value indication more accurate.
#### Projected EBITDA Input
This input is entered on either the *ThruThink Evaluation* Additional Information page or with the Un-Compensated Owner Contribution Input page and applies only if the Projected EBITDA does not reflect the value of the Owner's contribution to the Operations of the Company. This is for the purposes of the *ThruThink Evaluation* calculations only and will only add an implied expense to the projected EBITDA for the Evaluation calculations and will not add expense or a cash flow adjustment to the actual projected EBITDA. Actual expense or cash flow adjustments for Owner Compensation can be made using the Step 7 Inputs or the Owner Compensation Input page directly.
