# Projection to Actual Comparison - Working Capital
## Category: Projection to Actual
Working Capital is defined as the difference between Assets that will be collected in cash over the next 12 months and Liabilities or debts that will need to be paid in the next 12 months. This should include the Current Portion of Long Term Debt which is the portion of the long term debt that will be due in payments over the next 12 months.
The Working Capital Projection to Actual Comparison provides a general picture of what caused Working Capital to change from the beginning of the year to the period entered on the Projection to Actual Comparison Page. The comparison calculations incorporate the major factors that will effect the Working Capital.
Caution, be sure that item balances are taken from a full integrated Balance Sheet and Income Statement for comparison purposes. An example of this would be Depreciation which is a non-cash expense contained in the Net Income and should not effect Working Capital. It is therefore important when using Net Income that includes Depreciation to explain the change in Working Capital to also include the change in Long Term Assets during the period from the balance sheet. The Depreciation will have reduced the Asset value, just as if an item were sold. When this change in asset value is shown along with the Net Income, the effect of Depreciation as an expense (debit) will be offset by the reduction in Assets (credit) and the combination will show no change in Working Capital caused by Depreciation.
**For simplicity purposes, in the Projection to Actual Comparison, Working Capital analysis section, Depreciation/Amortization is automatically shown as an add back to Net Income. Therefore to be consistent as explained above, the actual amount for the Assets should be the Gross amount without the reduction for Accumulated Depreciation/Amortization.**
This same process will take place for other non cash items such as Gain or Loss from Sale of Assets, change in deferred taxes, etc. as long as the Net Income is shown together with the change in Long Term Assets and Long Term Liabilities.
