# Internal Rate of Return (IRR/MIRR)
## Category: Summary
### Internal Rate of Return (IRR)
The Internal Rate of Return (IRR) measures the rate of return of an initial investment against all associated cash flow back from the investment or additional cash invested in the investment. It actually calculates the discount rate for which the Net Present Value of the stream of cash is zero. It is used in the *ThruThink* analysis as a comparison tool between different options rather than an inherent stand alone rate of return.
With the IRR, the cash return is reinvested either in the investment or another investment with equal return. Any negative annual cash shortages in the investment will be assumed additional contributions or borrowing which will carry a finance rate the same as the rate of return on the investment. Study the IRR Illustration Example to see how a simple return is reflected in an IRR rate.
*Please note that because the IRR calculation does not reflect total negative returns well, when the total $ return is negative (the investment less all returns is less than zero) or the Initial Investment is "0" or negative (surplus cash from acquisition escrow), the IRR calculation will default to "0".*
### Modified Internal Rate of Return (MIRR)
A Modified Internal Rate of Return (MIRR) is also a measure of the return on a given investment, however earnings are not reinvested at the rate of return for the investment (IRR rate), but at another rate, called a Re-investment Rate, which can be different than the IRR rate. Negative cash flows from the investment will be charged a Finance Rate that can also be different than the IRR rate.
When considering Company Performance, the IRR is used as the earnings are assumed to stay in the company and contribute to company performance. Therefore with the IRR, earnings are reinvested at the same rate as IRR rate and the cost of financing Cash shortages are charged the same rate as the IRR rate. Please note that when the IRR shows "0", the return on the investment is likely negative or the Initial Investment was "0", please see note above.
In the *ThruThink* analysis, Partner Equity Returns are measured with the MIRR rate as cash paid out to Partners is not reinvested at the IRR rate, but at the Re-investment Rate. In the analysis, Partner Returns from Equity Note repayments and if the Partner is the Seller, the Seller Note and Earn Out Note payments are used as Partner returns as well as Equity Draws. The final liquidation of the Company is used as the last cash return to the Partners. The final sale or liquidation value of the Company will reflect the cumulative profit/loss of the company as well as any Gain or Loss on the Sale or liquidation.
With the MIRR, the actual dollar amount return over the life of the investment can be less than the initial investment but the MIRR rate can be positive. This happens when the amount calculated for re-investment return provides enough income to bring the sum of the returns plus the calculated re-investment interest income to be greater than the initial investment. In reality however, the re-investment interest returns may not actually take place. For this reason, the default Re-investment Rate is set to"0".
In the *ThruThink* analysis, both the Finance Rate and the Re-investment Rate are set to "0" as a default. The User may change these by accessing the MIRR rate page through the Information Browser, MIRR Rates.
### Internal Rate of Return Results
On the Internal Rate of Return Summary Report, each year's Internal Rate of Return/Modified Rate of Return Rates is an individual calculation of the Initial Investment as a negative cash outlay at the beginning and each subsequent year activity (cash return for equity owners or net income for Company Performance) as a positive or negative annual return depending on the result. In each year's calculation there is an exit value return assumption based on the  Sale/Liquidation value of the Company that given year using the form of liquidation listed (Book Value, Hard Asset Liquidation or Market Value). The liquidation value for each year is entered by the User with the Exit Strategy Input page.
### Hard Asset Internal Rate of Return-Company Performance
The Hard Asset Liquidation IRR is an Internal Rate of Return calculation of the investment in the Company with the return being the annual Company Net Income as if paid out each year and at the Year indicated, the net of the Balance Sheet assets at Book Value without the non cash assets of Goodwill and Amortization of Acquisition Costs after subtracting an amount for all retained earnings (they were assumed to be previously paid out) and all of the Company's liabilities (Hard Asset Value).
This measures the return from the actual operating performance of the Company without adding any benefit from a Gain on Sale. By not including a Market Value Gain on Sale concentrates the performance analysis on strictly the operating profitability of the Company and not the future value of an Exit Sale. If the operating performance of the Company is acceptable, the Market Value Gain will follow accordingly.
A useful use of this measure is to establish a bench mark return which can then be used when comparing alternative investments in other companies.
When the Initial Equity is zero or negative, the IRR result will be zero.
